 I've used other GPS units, as well as GPS built into cars   and to this day NOTHING beats the accuracy of a Garmin GPS . Depending on what you are using it for, it is a nice adjunct to a travel trip and the directions are accurate and usually the quickest, but not always . While the 255W routing seems generally accurate and logical, on my first use I discovered that it does have some errors in its internal map . I found the maps to be inaccurate at first, but after I updated them from Garmin's website everything is golden . Because the accuracy is good to the street address level, it may not be able to guide you to the exact location if your destination is inside a shopping mall . I used it the day I bought it,   and then this morning, and as soon as it comes on it is  ready to navigate  The only downfall of this product, and the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the fact that the speed limit it displays for the road you are on isn't 100% accurate . 0 out of 5 stars Inexpensive, accurate, plenty of features, August 6, 2009
 The only glitch I have found so far is that the speed limits are not 100% accurate, although the GPS, amazingly, is able to very accurately tell you how fast your vehicle is moving . I was a little disappointed in the inaccuracy of the posted speed limit, as I'm guilty of not paying close enough attention to those signs, especially w  interstate speed traps that are constantly changing up and down . After 2 weeks, it has yet to make a mistake, and is always completely accurate ,  even to the point of telling me which side of the street my destination is on . Accuracy is as good as any other unit, they all sometimes tell you you have arrived when you haven't, or continue to tell you to turn when you're already there . What the 255w does best is find a street address, business, point of interest, hospital or airport and give you turn, by, turn directions with amazing accuracy . I'm really glad I bought it though, and like the easy to read graphics, the voice used to tell you the name of the street you are to turn on, the uncannily accurate estimates of mileage and time of arrival at your destination . My new Garmin 255w had very Easy Set Up, Accurate Directions to locations, User Friendly Unit to anyone in my vehicle who tried it . I had a GPS 10, years ago when I owned a boat that was difficult to use and with very poor accuracy so I had assumed that the road GPS wasn't any better . ,  Very Accurate but with one small glitch I found ,  I'll explain in the CONS
This is a great GPS, it is so easy to use and it is always accurate . I can't believe how accurate and detailed the information estimated time of arrival, speed limits along the way, and detailed map of my route, to name a few .