 5G lies a more mature iPod, many steps wiser and more able than its one, year, old  The iPod gains many incremental improvements, including a brighter screen and better video battery life, but probably the most appealing aspect is the tantalizing price points of $249 for the 30GB version and $349 for the huge 80GB version   . Battery life isn't amazing, Definitely need to get a case for it  I wanted to get a new iPod because I was upgrading from the mini . doesn't take pictures, battery life  It's my first ipod, but it's amazing . Also, the battery life wasn't that long enough for me, but i'm new to this so it just might me be . good quality  light  long battery  portable  scratch resistant
 scratches easily, short battery life  I purchased this for my 6 year old son and he LOVES IT ! Battery life isn't great, but other than that, would highly recommend . shortened battery life, not kind to beginners  this ipod is a great new item with a camera and built in speaker . Shorter battery life than old iPod, camera is in inconvenient spot  When I first listened to a song on this iPod, the first thing that caught my attention was the audio quality . One thing I noticed that was not so good was the battery life, but I've only charged it once and that was on the computer  as far as I've seen my computer doen't charge well with either of my iPods so the battery life is possibly greater than I thought if using a wall outlet . this is my first ipod and its awsome the only thing i dont like is the battery life it lasts all day if you dont use it a lot but if you use it constantly like i do it only last about 4 or 5 hours not a big deal though . SHORT BATTERY LIFE, SCRATCHES EASY,  I DONT LIKE THE APPLES LIBRARY . Battery Life  I bought this ipod to replace my 2nd gen 2gb ipod nano, because i filled that one's memory up . battery life, becuase of all the features  I had an apple ipod 3rd generation and the 5th genteration is twice as good as the numbering would suggest . battery life, freezes up  I just got the 5th gen as a replacement for my 2nd gen nano . Very easy to use, love the pedometer, lightweight, thin, nice screen, great sound, battery lasts much longer than stated  . Easy to use, Great sound, long battery life, love the fact that I can tune in to my favorite radio station, and I'm into exercise so the pedometer with calories burned is a great addition . My only complaint with this product is that the battery doesn't last long at all
I bought the nano as a replacement for an older classic, which was a great unit but time has taken it's toll on the battery and screen .