A few other things I'd like to point out is that you must push the micro, sized right angle end of the ac adapter until it snaps in place or the battery may not charge .
My Jabra bluetooth headset works great with Skype, I've gotten 6 hours on my battery watching movies, listening to music   before plugging it back in .
Recently, however, my battery was about to die, and I had already set up shop in another room of my house, so I decided to move the power cord to the other room with my computer and let it charge while I worked on it .
1 FAIL ,  After one charge cycle, the battery blew a circuit, and would no longer power the netbook .
As for the ac adapter wigging out i've had no such problem as when plugged in it's always on and when on battery it lasts a long time .
Well I first ordered this netbook through J&R Music for a good price and when it arrived I charged the battery fully and later turned it on .
The reason I went with Asus is the long battery life without the huge bump in the back   ,  a fast processer, easy memory upgrade, good looks and great price .
Charges fully and swiftly,long lasting battery time, functions beautifully .
After an initial full charging, I ran this netbook to 1% battery life before the first three times I recharged it .
I was looking for portability, light weight, and long battery life, which removed a great many manufacturers off my list .
If someone is in the market for a great little traveling machine to access the internet, send receive emails, do some writing, and need extended battery life, I highly recommend this Asus eee netbook .
another, i needed one that had a LONG battery life, since it would be a bother to have to charge a netbook every 4, 5 hours .
For another $50, you get a 6 cell battery with 8 hours of run time .
The small size makes it very easy to carry compared to a standard laptop, the long battery life is really great, and the speed and performance using various wi, fi connections was better than I expected it to be   .
It does not overheat and the battery lasts a long time, not 10 .
Within a few hours of owning this netbook the battery meter stopped working .
Since I have bluetooth and wi, fi on most of the time I actually get about 6~7 hours of battery life .
The battery power is long lasting, and it serves me well throughout the day .
When you start it up for the first time, leave it plugged in ONLY as long as it takes for the battery to charge to full .
And over 9 hours of battery life !
I love this netbook so far I have not been able to run out of battery 10 .
Unboxed the netbook, put in the battery, charged it up, everything was great .
Only problem was when I went to recharge my battery for the SECOND TIME EVER OWNING THIS NETBOOK, the power adapter wasn't working .
I bought this netbook and the AC adapter worked fine, but the battery wouldn't charge at all .
Now I keep battery topped off or charge when not in use and no longer seems to be a problem .
This netbook has plenty of power for my needs and the battery life is great .
The battery on my netbook lasts almost 13 hours since I keep the LCD brightness relatively low .
I have found the actual battery life to be around 8 hours   .
The long battery life is on and off .
5 hour battery life is great .
5 hour battery life is great .
Battery life is great and it seems to charge fast as well .
With the very first charge, I got nearly 10 hours of battery life .