 In addition the ac adapter does get quite hot while it is actively charging the battery, which Asus clearly mentions in the user manual, so one should not be alarmed over the heat output . 5 Hour Battery, Glossy Display, Bluetooth, Netbook Sleeve
5 Hour Battery, Matted Display
5 Hour Battery, Matted Display
 After you add sales tax, you are then approaching the price of the V series which gets twice the battery life . Deciding between the V series and the P series really comes done to how much you care about a slight speed different  , a small battery life difference, a better web cam, Bluetooth, and or the netbook sleeve . ,  The long life battery makes this unit heavy . Since the battery life difference is minimum, the only reason to upgrade would be to get the better keyboard . For $30, $40 more you get one less usb port, you get covered usb ports which is annoying, and you get less than half the battery life . Some complainers faulted the battery life, but didn't take into account what was running or turned on when using the computer . I suppose that is one reason why I kept gravitating to the ASUS Eee PC 1005HA, PU1X, BU as I explored the reviews for other brands, , in spite of the warnings about unworkable battery chargers and inoperative batteries I bought the Asus Eee PC . After almost two months of using my new Eee PC 1005HA I can report no problem with the battery, bringing the battery to a full charge   or the charging brick itself . My Jabra bluetooth headset works great with Skype, I've gotten 6 hours on my battery watching movies, listening to music   before plugging it back in . Two other things that make this a superior computer are battery life, and the LED backlighting for the screen . The backlighting is definitely a factor in the longer battery charge life, but it also makes for a very nice bright picture . faster overall performance, and shorter charge life on the battery . When I recently started looking into purchasing a netbook, I was impressed with the battery life of the Asus Eee PC 1000HE . Add the high running temperature to the poorer than expected battery life, and the Dell went back . The 1008HA was not a consideration because of the non, removable battery and significantly shorter battery life . The light weight, the battery life, the keyboard, the non, protruding removable battery, the bright screen, the track pad disable button and general ease of use makes it hard to beat . Bluetooth narrowed it down, battery life narrowed it further, ability to R&R the memory was a further contraint, and when I was done it was this model or an MSI Wind . Recently, however, my battery was about to die, and I had already set up shop in another room of my house, so I decided to move the power cord to the other room with my computer and let it charge while I worked on it . If money is your leading consideration, then one of these may be for you, but for just a bit more money you get a much better screen, better battery life, bigger drive, more upgradeable, etc . has an 11  screen with the same or better battery life, . 5 hour battery is the real deal ,  I had my unit on for 10 hours and it was still running with just over 10% battery capacity remaining . I think I will love this machine for the purposes I bought it, portability, battery life to carry me through travels and for my teenager to use . 5 battery life was just a claim, but charged at %100 my battery life clocked in 10 . All in all, great product, great battery life . This thing has great battery life, fits in the glove box of my car, and serves the uses of a netbook in excellent fashion . I expected six or seven hours in reality, , I'm aware that battery life claims, like MPGs with cars, are usually puffed up . If your primary needs are portability and epic battery life, so that you never have to worry about sitting near a power outlet when you're on the go, and you want good construction   then this is the machine for you . It won't give you all the functionality of a full, sized laptop, and the small screen may take some getting used to, but no regular laptop gives you this kind of battery life, and most of the functions absent here aren't used by most people most of the time anyway, so if the tradeoff is fewer features for greatly, increased battery life, I'll take the latter . While this is still a fine machine, battery life has started dropping off already . 4 PASS ,  Battery life is amazing, used the laptop in  Super Performance Mode  for over 6 hours of watching videos, checking email, connecting with USB Verizon broadband card, and still had battery life leftover . 1 FAIL ,  After one charge cycle, the battery blew a circuit, and would no longer power the netbook . Seriously, I felt extravagant and almost guilty when he noted the 10 hour battery life on my Asus . 9GHz, but it's unstable, and I have actually returned it to stock speeds since the battery life is much better at stock . Pro's ,  I so wanted to love the small size, long battery life, brilliant blue color and light weight . The wireless networking logs on as soon as the unit is booted, I've had the charger plugged in while cycling the battery and the charger has not quit, the battery life has peaked to the point I can leave this thing on all day without it shutting down . I picked it up right away due to the battery life, keyboard and sleek design . With such a great battery life, keyboard and responsive touch pad, there's really no other model that can hold a candle to this puppy . My battery recharger failed within 24 hours, I returned it and received no notification that a replacement was shipped . 1005ha has Longer battery life and $30 cheaper, plus people complained about the port covers getting annoying in the 1008 . Great battery life, very fast on my wireless router, does websites with flash and other media supported elements and even though I still love my Blackberry I needed something with a bit more  umph  to store vacation pics in on the road and attach files to email . The keyboard is easy to type on  , the battery life is great, and I've found that I really do like the touch pad with all its features . , around the house, i can freely roam to wherever i find comfortable or least noisy, NEVER having to worry about the power cord because of the seemingly infinite battery life . Her computer is a top of the line notebook that never leaves her desk because of bulkiness and pathetic battery life, so her only backdrop is the block wall of her dorm XD but with this eeepc, she never sees me in the same place twice, and almost all of the time im outside, far from buildings which really says something about the wireless card . The reason I went with Asus is the long battery life without the huge bump in the back   ,  a fast processer, easy memory upgrade, good looks and great price . I bought this to use when traveling within a developing country, where I need lots of battery life and don't feel like lugging around my conspicuous   15  notebook . It's bigger, heavier, and has less battery life, but it is much easier to upgrade internal components . Its battery life is much longer ,  though not quite the stated 10 . Now add in the N, standard wireless, free netbook sleeve and the usual laptop microphone   webcam suite, and together with its aforementioned compactness and long battery life, it becomes possible to do productive work on the Asus Eee HA1005 ,  maintaining web sites, writing long articles, coding, e, networking, etc ,  almost anywhere . Long battery life, sharp looking machine, fingerprint magnet, glossy screen=glare, ease of use and portability . 5 Hour Battery Life, August 7, 2009
 And the battery last only about 7 hours of normal use   . The battery life is excellent, with normal usage I can get about 7 hours easily, more if I turn off WIFI and turn down the screen brightness . One of the downside I have noticed is that the netbook is heavy near the hinge because that's where the battery is located and if you want to put it on your lap while sitting, you have to put your hand on the bottom chassis so that the netbook doesn't tip over, and the screen doesn't bend all the way backwards which can be annoy, otherwise this is a really nice netbook . Also, if you're on the web a lot it does take up a little more battery but not enough that you can't still use it most of the day on one charge . I was originally going to buy an ASUS 1000HE but heard the batteries were not user, replaceable, thus you had to send the computer back to ASUS for them to replace the battery with a turn, around time of up to a few months ! The laptop itself is great ,  nice crisp display, great battery life, light, and a nice form factor . I spend a lot of time in battery, power environments for other technical devices, so I'm a bit more forgiving when it comes to expected battery life versus real battery life . 0 out of 5 stars netbook with power and battery life, August 24, 2009
 The seashell allows for a big battery . After an initial full charging, I ran this netbook to 1% battery life before the first three times I recharged it . 0 out of 5 stars A great little machine, perfect for travels, though battery life bit shorter than advertised . I was looking for portability, light weight, and long battery life, which removed a great many manufacturers off my list . When I read the specs and the reviews and the extra hour of battery life for just a few bucks more, my decision was revised . If someone is in the market for a great little traveling machine to access the internet, send receive emails, do some writing, and need extended battery life, I highly recommend this Asus eee netbook . There are other machines out there, some with identical specs, some similiar, but none match the battery life . Great battery life, decent sized screen, and the keyboard was large enough to be comfortable to type on . I originally bought the EEE to take with me whenever my laptop was too big to take somewhere, but have started exclusively using the EEE in place of my laptop because of its portability and battery life that greatly exceeds most full size laptops . They said there are only so many recharges in the life of any battery, and when you don't have to use the battery, it extends its life . The battery life has been very good, especially if you follow the rule of turning off the wireless and bluetooth, and turning down the screen brightness . This isn't a hassle, and usually when you want extended battery life, you're on a plane where you don't need full brightness or radio anyway . The battery life is also great ,  I can charge my phone out of the usb port in class and not have to worry about running low on battery before the day is over . and I love the battery, life I'm not sure it was 10 . I mention the battery life which I usually get about 8 hours with full brightness, playing videos or music, and have multiple programs running simultaneously . I needed a computer easy to move, to work efficiently and with long battery life and that was precisely what I got . This did not affect me much, I can write without problems full university texts, media files run without any problem   and the battery have been used for seven consecutive hours using the computer to the maximum in High Performance Mode without depleted . another, i needed one that had a LONG battery life, since it would be a bother to have to charge a netbook every 4, 5 hours . Decent speed processor, nice screen quality, great asus softwares  , and very long battery life . I like Eee 1005PA, V's battery life . For another $50, you get a 6 cell battery with 8 hours of run time . The battery life is unbelievable, even while using USB to transfer files, watching movies and surfing the internet with screen brightness all the way up . The small size makes it very easy to carry compared to a standard laptop, the long battery life is really great, and the speed and performance using various wi, fi connections was better than I expected it to be   . And using the two USB port external ASUS disk drive, battery life decreases to only two hours . I was skeptical about the long battery life and the cool, touch but I got about 9 . The battery life is to die for ,  my full size laptop doesnt have 10
I'm actually downgrading in performance in getting this netbook but the performance lost is made up with the smaller form factor and greatly increased battery life . Has a very long battery life, runs videos and multimedia smoothly without issues, fast loading, very usable keyboard, stylish sleek design, decent pricing for what you get
The ~10 hour battery life is great . Since I have bluetooth and wi, fi on most of the time I actually get about 6~7 hours of battery life . 1 light weight, 2 long battery life, and 3 reasonable performance . Although 1008HA is lighter and thinner, I felt that 1005HA is a better choice for me because of its removable, long battery life and easy RAM access . If the ratio of battery, life to cost is important to you ,  this is a decent netbook, except for the inevitable charger failure . 5 Hour Battery Life to anyone who was looking to make a netbook purchase  Asus seems to have gotten a poor reputation based on their customer service and the faulty power cords they've been sending out, but the netbook itself is a gem . 5 hour battery life is not true ,  if your doing anything other then nothing you will usualy get like 6, 7 hour battery
 Battery performance couldn't be more nice, as well as performance . It boots up quickly, especially after getting rid of the extra asus software that auto, boots at startup, its battery life is phenomenal, the screen is clear and easy to read, the keyboard is comfortable to type on and feels natural . The battery life lasted me about a good 6, 7 hours of e, mail, internet, some MS office work, and watched a video or 2 from streaming Netflix . Only problem was when I went to recharge my battery for the SECOND TIME EVER OWNING THIS NETBOOK, the power adapter wasn't working . Extra long battery life ,  pretty accurate specs given
5 Hour Battery Life was the one that caught my eye . And even better, has a built in webcam, an impeccable battery life, a great touch pad and exceptionally ergonomic design . Been very pleased with performance and battery life, however power supply went out after 60 days . 0 out of 5 stars Initially battery problems , ,  however now it works, December 22, 2009
In the mean time I let the battery go down completely  turned out the battery would not charge, even though Windows XP was reporting it was . After 3 hrs the battery was fully charged, unplugged the netbook, started up Windows, and the battery indicator showed about 10 hours charge remaining . what i loved is the battery  :
 The battery's longevity is amazing I get around 
 it is designed to be as small as possible, and the long, life battery on the back end makes it tipsy . Excellent battery life, small and light enough to drop in a handbag and forget it's there . I tug it around for all my personal stuff and it is light, easy to carry   and I really do get 10 hours plus use of the battery . It has the fastest processor currently available  , huge battery, life 10 . I spent a bit of time researching the various netbooks currently available and thought that the 1005HA, P had a nice mix of style, battery life, ergonomics, and performance   . For this extra amount, I was looking for the larger screen, the longer battery life and the keyboard ergonomics . Sometimes it says that I have 70% battery life AND 3hrs :
 Saying that, I don't have any battery saving settings set as I'm not too familiar with that and haven't had the need . Key features in my decision were b, g, & n wireless, built in bluetooth mouse capability, and the best in class battery life . I bought this to take notes in college classes, so battery life was very important to me and it did not disappoint . With the very first charge, I got nearly 10 hours of battery life . When I learned about the battery life, the memory, hard drive, processor, etc .