 After 1 year you pay $80 plus shipping to send the device to Amazon and have the Kindle REPLACED, not the battery changed out   . The fact that Kindle 2 has no SD card capability and the battery is not user, serviceable is not an issue with me . Frankly, I never used either the card slot or changed the battery on my Kindle 1 but I liked that they were there and I miss them on the Kindle 2, even though, I have to admit, I don't actually need them . You can't carry an extra battery ,  though with the extended battery life and extra charging options it's almost a non, issue ,  and you can't replace the battery because of the iPod, like fixed backing . Before purchasing, I was obsessed with the reviews and predictions I found online and reading about some of the critiques such as the thick border, the lack of touchscreen, lack of battery SD slot, lack of a back light, awkward difficult keyboard layout, minimally faster page flipping, and the super, high price . As for the battery, Amazon's explanation was that it'd thicken the Kindle, so I'm fine with it b c the slenderness of the K2 is such a plus . Short battery life ,  I charged this thing for a couple of hours, 24 hours ago ,  it's still running and just at 75% of full power . Kindle is an  out of the box  reading, ready unit that immediately addressed me by my nickname, no log, in necessary, and could have begun downloading whatever I wanted over the 3G Whispernet within seconds as the battery was charging,
very thin, light, weight, and attractive, looking with more data storage and faster battery charges with longer usage compared to Kindle 1,
What I'm ambivalent about ,  I don't find the battery life any better than the K1, I thought the K1 battery life was perfectly fine . extended use of this feature will cut into battery life significantly, I've been getting 2 . A week ago, I ordered my Kindle 2 and when it was delivered, the battery was in critical stage and it would not power on . When that came in, it was also in the critical battery stage and this time the charge light would not even come on upon charging . K2 goes into sleep mode if you leave it be for a few minutes, but in this mode it still uses battery power if wireless is enabled . ,  Battery life is weeks at a time, even with constant use . which, I guess, is unavoidable with rechargable batteries, but I wish I could change the battery myself . It's not clear how big an advantage it is to have the extra battery life, though, because both get you through a long day with power to spare . So far, the battery charge seems to last quite a long time for reading . So far, it has taken anywhere from two to three hours to recharge the device, depending on how far down I've let the battery run . So I give the Kindle 2 an A, minus, the minus because the battery isn't replaceable by the end user . With 2, 3 hours of reading per day, my Kindle battery has lasted me only 4 days . >> It has a user, replaceable battery, though this is offset by improved life with the built, in Kindle 2 battery . The battery life is disappointing ,  with the wireless on, it probably wouldn't last 20 hours of determined reading . A single battery charge of my Kindle lasts almost two weeks compared to the 3, 4 hours on my iphone or the 5, 6 hours on my netbook . Besides, I don't want to make the tradeoff of inferior battery life in order to power a device, native backlight . I left wireless on for the first 3 days, and after reading through  Ur  and 25% of  DaVinci Code , plus lots of general playing around with the device and checking out features, I got the low, battery warning about 55 hours after intially charging it to full . I live in the UK, my Kindle arrived last Thursday and it was up and running in minutes as the battery had some charge when it arrived . The Kindle does not come with a UK power adaptor, so that has been an extra £12 expense, but I could charge the battery using the computer and USB cable . Also, I only carried my kindle on the plane to Japan, and I could read for over 15 hours and the battery wasn't even halfway over . The books download quickly, the battery lasts a long time, it is simple to use, the bookmark feature is nice, and I love the cool pics on the screen when you turn the gadget off . While the Kindle 2 shows the title on the left as before and more readable, the battery life and network icons are in the place of the author's name .