 I started reading with the default size without my glasses and noticed I was squinting a bit, so changed to one size larger with a couple button clicks and it was much easier without feeling like the print was too big and took up too much of the page . I don't feel the need to push the button ahead of time to prepare for the end of the page at all, which evidently a lot of Kindle 1 owners do since it's a bit more sluggish . unintended page changes, the awkward way I sometimes have to hold it to keep from hitting buttons, the sometimes slow page refresh, and the screen freezes that now has me traveling with a paper clip lest I need to do a reset while commuting on the train . sleeker look and feel  , sharper screen, no longer accidentally depressing the next page button by accident and having to find your place in the book again . Only issue is I need to recalibrate now, , in general, I try to anticipate how much time it will take the next page to load, and when I'm two lines from the bottom, I would hit the next page button . I like to read holding the Kindle with one hand and it just didn't work well because I kept bumping the next, previous and back buttons . This means that when you handle the Kindle 2 by the edges, the pages don't change even if you grab by the buttons . Yet changing pages is effortless when you do ,  the buttons are right between your thumbs and the slightest pressure on their faces is enough to activate them . That it doesn't have the quirky, clunky, annoying buttons that filled ¾ of each side of its predecessor, buttons that caused dozens upon dozens of accidental page turns makes it that much sexier . if you don't upgrade, you will regret it every time you accidentally hit one of the obscenely large buttons and advance or retreat one, two, three, or even four pages . With the Kindle 1, I was constantly at risk of accidentally bumping the next page buttons . It took a little getting used to after having used the Kindle 1, especially since the context menus that I was used to in the first gen have changed due to the new directional button, but for any Kindle user, this change is a god send . The button layout looks odd because it's so regularly spaced in rows versus the keyboard's staggered style, but it isn't any harder to use than a cellphone's tri, letter entry or blackberry keyboard . Every K2 button has a satisfying 
 Just like how I prefer to grasp the page a few sentences before the end of a page, I tend to press the  Next Page  button a bit sooner than I finish reading the page . The lag actually helps in that respect, and even so, the lag between pushing the button and the new page appearing is much faster than I could ever physically flip any book page without shearing it from the spine . Sleek style, easy to hold, the white causes it to disappear as suggested in its description, highly transportable, well thought out button placement, easy to use, adjustable font, ease of downloading new books . When I'm trying to go to the next page, I hit the home button by accident a lot . I contemplated changes to my beloved Kindle with dread, I was one of the few who loved the old page, turning buttons . I find myself using a large size typeface to compensate for the lack of contrast, but this means frequent  next page  button presses which is extremely annoying . The next, previous, back buttons are much smaller and are hard to hit accidentally . Yes, I noticed some of the initial design flaws in the first, generation Kindle ,  the placement of the  next page  buttons, the general sense of flimsiness ,  but I decided I could live with those . The buttons are well placed and need a good push to change pages, but not so much that it detracts from your reading . They do require a bit of pressure, but I like it that way so I can rest my thumbs on the buttons without turning the page accidentally . They seem to be in the perfect location, I can grip the K2 easily and do not have to worry about pressing a button on accident but when I need to change the page they are right where I want them . The buttons have been made smaller, which fixed the large buttons on the lst generation that made the device hard to hold and frustratingly easy to advance the page . The only thing you can do is rotate, which makes some PDFs readable but then you're in the awkward position of having to press the next and previous page buttons vertically instead of horizontally . While not as much text fits on a screen as on a mass, market paperback page using the font size I like, pushing the  next page  button has become second nature . My one complaint is that I'd like a  previous page  button on both side of the screen, the way there's a  next page  button on both sides, but that's a very minor consideration . Reading the book in the cover isn't a problem as the front cover readily folds around to the back so that it isn't making the left, edge buttons hard to press . Next page and other buttons ,  very easy to use . As highly documented before, the buttons on the side of the device used for page turning, going to the home screen, and accessing the menu all engage with an inward click . The page turning buttons are a lot easier to hit than say, flipping a page in a real book while lying in bed, having said page get caught up on the covers, and having to adjust to get it squared away . For some reason, my brain wants a prior page button on the left side and the next page button on the right . A minor grumble, I keep wanting to press Next Page rather than the select button to make things happen . Your finger can rest on the  next page  button, and a simple click is all you need to advance . When you hold it in the opposite hand, the next page button is on the other side too . I don't need two hands to hold the book open when I'm on the train, or whenever, just one hand gives you good access to all the buttons even while you are holding the device . The buttons are placed in a convenient area without being in the way, yet turning a page is a breeze . The buttons on the K2 are not easily pressed while reading, and I love the 5, way button that allows me to easily navigate between my newpaper pages   .