I started reading with the default size without my glasses and noticed I was squinting a bit, so changed to one size larger with a couple button clicks and it was much easier without feeling like the print was too big and took up too much of the page .
The gadget feeling is underlined by needing to press a button to turn pages .
I don't feel the need to push the button ahead of time to prepare for the end of the page at all, which evidently a lot of Kindle 1 owners do since it's a bit more sluggish .
unintended page changes, the awkward way I sometimes have to hold it to keep from hitting buttons, the sometimes slow page refresh, and the screen freezes that now has me traveling with a paper clip lest I need to do a reset while commuting on the train .
sleeker look and feel  , sharper screen, no longer accidentally depressing the next page button by accident and having to find your place in the book again .
,  The 5, way button, though a bit small, allows you to select left and right, and not just up and down like the original version .
I like to read holding the Kindle with one hand and it just didn't work well because I kept bumping the next, previous and back buttons .
Things like the buttons that made it easy to accidentally turn pages  the separate cursor on the side that could only select lines and was sometimes hard to see  the occasionally awkward menus  the case which practically forced you to remove it to use it and sometimes pulled the battery door off .
One thing I didn't like was the page next button failed to work when the text to speech was in use and I wanted to skip ahead .
The buttons are well placed and need a good push to change pages, but not so much that it detracts from your reading .
They do require a bit of pressure, but I like it that way so I can rest my thumbs on the buttons without turning the page accidentally .
They seem to be in the perfect location, I can grip the K2 easily and do not have to worry about pressing a button on accident but when I need to change the page they are right where I want them .
Next page and other buttons ,  very easy to use .
I hit the page button once and looked left as though I had turned an actual page in a book .
You can hold the buttons on the edge and not turn pages .
I love the  next page  button on both sides of the Kindle 2 .