  Drivers seat not comfortable, the car itself compared to other models of similar class . However, there are a couple of things that kill it for me 1 terrible driver seat comfort, kills my back 2 lack luster interior design, my Acadia has much better comfort 3 the VCM drives me crazy because the constant change in cylinder use is perceptible enough to be an annoyance . I'm very sad ,  I loved my daughter's Civic and the dealer service is fantastic, but even good service can't help the uncomfortable seats . Although it is fun to drive and quality seems ok, the leather seats are very uncomfortable, especially on a long drive . Although not the fastest, most luxurious, or technologically advanced in the very competitive mid, size sedan segment, the Accord strikes the perfect balance of sport, comfort and value, creating a vehicle that feels and acts like a much pricier machine . The interior quality is OK, my 1999 Accord EX had a better comfort level on the seats . What a car, design, ride, comfort, 270 watt audio system, I love this car . I like my Accord very much, but had I known the drivers seat was so uncomfortable I would have never bought it . Aside from missing the turbo's acceleration, I've preferred the Accord's better mileage, handling and comfort . Seats are firm but not uncomfortable ,  very BMW like . It's very comfortable, has pretty much every luxury feature you might want, and is still fun to drive . DON'T rely on your test drive, the seats are Very uncomfortable and when the engine goes into the  econo  mode the vehicle  shifts rocks violently  forward and when leaving the  econo  mode it shifts rocks forward once again which means that the vehicle is  CONTINUOUSLY  SHAKING AND ROCKING . The front seats are extremely uncomfortable after anything more than 15 minutes of driving due to what I see as a design flaw, the seat curvature is too great, and even with the lumbar support all the way retracted, it still feels like there is some type of bar sticking out in the wrong part of my back   . Absolutely got a great car, roomy, comfortable, great ride for a nice price . Driver's seat is not fully adjustable using 8, way power seat which is very uncomfortable . Driving 55 miles per hr between Houston and Austin this slow is very painful, boring to drv, Our Avalanche averaged 15 city with a very comfortable seat and only 20 highway but the vast majority of our driving is in the city not a good trade off . However, long, distance comfort  is poor due to hard, narrow and deeply, bucketed seats combined with a very taut suspension which transmits even minor road imperfections through the whole vehicle . s a great car, spacious, comfortable, fun to drive, and handles very well . At first the seats seemed stiffer than I'd like, but after making a 2 1 2 hour trip, It felt very comfortable once I got the seat and lumbar adjusted to my liking . extremely comfortable, more power than camry, lots of space, good fuel economy, and mean looking Cons :
 Ride, comfort, visibility, braking, steering and acceleration are excellent for a car of its size and price . From the hard and uncomfortable driver seat, excessive body roll, several rattles in the interior and intrusive road noise, the vehicle just does not strike a chord n . In fact, I find my 2006 Civic Ex w Nav to be a better built, more comfortable and more engaging car . Interior is very roomy, and I can sit comfortably in the rear seat at 6'2  . Ride is superior, comfortable seats, radio excellent . my first fill up was 26 mpg mixed city and hwy I only expect it to get better, steering is tight and precise, only complaints are road noise is more than i like but its livable, rain or just dew pours in right on top of the power window controls when the window is cracked, but window guards have fixed that, its a fun car to drive, and for what it is, its comfortable, controls are great, easy to reach, I'm looking forward to a lot of great miles with this car . For test drive , I wish I had removed the hard plastic from the driver's seat  tried harder to get comfortable in the non, electric seat  spent more time on rough roads . My main reason for purchasing this car was to get a fuel, efficient vehicle that also was comfortable to drive on long trips . I am extremely satisfied after the first week  though it was more costly, I still like the smooth power and handling of the V, 6, the comfort of the leather interior, and something new for me . This Accord model has a great balance of features that blends attractive styling, driveablity, build quality, economy, and comfort with all the loaded options that I will enjoy over several years and 100000
 I wanted a larger car that was comfortable and the redesign of the Accord making it bigger made the difference . The car is roomy inside, comfortable, handles and performs great and is fun to drive . So far not super impressed with gas mileage, and comfort, well lets just say my dealership just ordered a new seat cushion for me today . My my, I have never experienced such smooth performance, stability, pick, up, mileage and comfort that I am enjoying with my new 2008 Honda Accord . Don't get me wrong, the Accord is a comfortable car, I am just a big guy and the seats just feel like they could use a little more of something . Although it's a lower trim level, it has high quality interior trim  very comfortable seats  and and very smooth, quiet ride . With the leather seats, comfort is close to EX, L's at a  best buy  price . The driver, side seat is not comfortable . Driver seat could be more comfortable however, but I love everything about it . When I bought this car a year ago, I initially wrote a review stating I may have buyer's remorse due to extremely uncomfortable driver's seat .