 Seats are fine, in fact of all the smaller sedans this is the most comfortable I found for the price as I am 6', 2  and 250# . Good gas mileage, comfortable seating, lots of leg room . It's a pretty good car, reliable, comfortable as far as it goes, but limited rear visibility because of high rear bumper, and a problem with its computer  learning  my  driving style . This car offers poor driver's seat comfort, poor vision  , only average ride quality, gas mileage 
We have had this Camry about two years now, and it is not a boring car but it is smooth, comfortable and has good road manner, and overall it is a good car . great ride, quiet comfortable spacious cabin, superior electronics  , fair price and good looks . You can't have it both ways, either a car is full of power and stiff suspension or it's smooth and comfortable on the road . I've read other reviews stating that the leather seats were not comfortable for long drives due to lack of cushion support, but that's not been the case for me especially after recently driving from Houston to Key West, Fla . The ride, comfort, and drive is as expected, however, the quality and reputation of yore are completely gone for the flagship Camry . It looks awesome, turns like it's on rails, has a great sound system, and is just comfortable and fun to drive . Toyota made many improvements since 03, including more comfortable front seats, better rear seat room and comfort   . The seats were very comfortable on a four and a half hour   trip, and wind and road noise were minimal . Having flown 26 different aircraft and driven cars for 61 years, I find the 2007 Camry to be the most uncomfortable cockpit I have every been in . The ride is very comfortable, although I'm 6'6  and I didn't think head room was an issue but I do think leg room could be better, I think this is mainly because the back seats have tons of leg room . Overall this car is very quiet, comfortable, smooth, powerful, and absolutly the best mid, size in the current market . I only have a vibration shimmy problem at 70 mph, visited dealer three times and ended up with changing a new tire and now the ride is even quieter and comfortable . The interior is upgraded markedly, and although there is a bit less headroom, the added telescoping feature of the steering wheel combined with the greater travel of the seat   yields greater comfort . This car is easy to drive, great gas mileage and comfortable .