 While I recommend that you refrain from entering a directions request while driving your car, I note that some of the more impressive features of this GPS are literally one touch away, and so mounting the device close enough to you to activite a one touch feature would seem to be relatively important . The only other annoyance of any time is that if you deviate from your route and don't indicate that you are detouring, you get to hear the Garmin repeatedly chastize you because it has to recalulate your directions . Some of the verbal directions :
 It should tell me to take the Southwest Drive exit, or the Buffalo Gap Road exit, like the highway sign says, or like I would verbally tell someone to take if giving them directions . My only real gripes on the software interface side would be its inability to show 1, way streets on your overhead map   and that this particular model does not support the Garmin routing feature that you can sync between your PC and their more expensive models to pick multiple waypoints instead of just a point 'A' to point 'B' directions system . You can even get turn, by, turn directions from the program, and Google Maps has features that work with Garmin units . Any time you're facing a closed roadway or are terribly stuck in highway traffic, you'll get a very slick change in directions to your destination given to you in literally less than 5 seconds than you ask for it . It takes a little while to get the satellites sometimes, but I just set it up as soon as I get in the car and by the time I'm out on the road and actually need directions it's up and going . Often when I'd get a phone call or was talking to someone, it would have been nice to just have the ability to quickly make the voice directions mute . Daughter Dearest now carries the Nuvi in the glove box of her car, pulling it out, plugging it in, and getting directions whenever she needs, in a manner that notably is much faster and clearer than reading a map or calling her mother . The Voice Prompted turn by turn directions make it easy to get from one place to another without having to look up at the GPS, but of course you also get turn, by, turn directions on the GPS with a touch of the screen . What the 255w does best is find a street address, business, point of interest, hospital or airport and give you turn, by, turn directions with amazing accuracy . 0 out of 5 stars MyOn, StarDirectionsReplacementUnit, October 15, 2009
My new Garmin 255w had very Easy Set Up, Accurate Directions to locations, User Friendly Unit to anyone in my vehicle who tried it . It can be a little distracting the first few times you use it, but once you find the right mounting spot, it s like it's not there until you need it and then it's there waiting for you to with all the directions to get you to your destination . After a certain amount of frustration dealing with paper maps, missed exits and fumbling for directions in the dark ,  I decided it was time to get on the GPS car navigation wagon . The model 255W that we received seemed to take longer to find a satelite, and the man's voice was very fast and not as clear, and at times seemed a bit confused in directions .