 The dream has always been a portable electronic device that could hold a ton of reading material, automate subscriptions and facilitate quick easy downloads, and be as portable, as easy on the eyes, and as intuitive as a book . 'Easy, on, the, eyes' reading with adjustable fonts and 16 shades of gray capability using digital ink :
 I noticed this almost immediately but thought it was due to my poor eyesight . I know I need to go to the optometrist, but the Kindle will aide and abet me in avoiding that for a while , ,  the page is easy to read, the font size is easy to change, and my eyes sail across the words, my finger hits next page without me giving it thought . I know some people are really upset about the no backlight issue, but I'm glad because it is not as straining on my eyes as a computer screen . I read for 2 hours in the middle of the night last night and my husband never knew, and my eyes didn't hurt . Text to speech is adequate, I don't see myself using this feature too much, but it's a lot better than nothing when you need both hands free, and it would be a truly fantastic feature for anyone with poor eyesight or blindness . I don't care it doesn't have a backlight ,  if I wanted that I'd read from my laptop and kill my eyes more . 0 out of 5 stars A great tool for those of us with aging eyes, February 28, 2009
 The text, bumped up two magnification levels, is sharp and clear enough for me to make out, and while I've seen some criticism of the gray page background, I actually find it easier on my eyes than stark white . For those of us in the Boomer bulge whose eyesight is failing and taking with it the pleasure of reading ,  and for those with other forms of visual impairment ,  it's nothing less than a miracle . The lights are casted from the side of the reader fusing towards the center, which caused me to experience severe eye, strain . Even without the back light, within fifteen minutes of reading on the sony reader due to the glare, my eyes were hurting . Some have said they don't like the black text on a greyish background, but I find the contrast not only more than adequate but easier on the eyes than if the background were white . The Kindle does not have a screen that taxes the eyes, and allows me to shift some of my time away from the computer for blogs that I would normally read online . I do think the e, ink e, paper is a lot easier on my eyes for reading than the glossy or matte computer screens . 8 E, Ink display is easy to read and doesn't strain your eyes and reads better than a printed page . The screen is less obtrusive than the white of a book page, which also helps my eyes from growing tired too quickly . I finally got the Kindle, and my worries about the screen tiring my eyes while reading rapidly dissipated . Now with the Kindle 2, I can change the print to suit my eyes and further, I can make more intelligent choices of books because I have more information of what is available at my finger tips . The screen is easy on the eyes, easy to learn, easy to turn pages, and the device is more comfortable than a real book or trying to hold the iphone .