 I was an avid reader but increasing age has made printed books more of a challenge, but the Kindle with its varying font size and very light weight has made reading fun again . The kindle does not recognize page numbers, since they would change radically when you change font size  so Amazon provides the notion of location which is display independent . 'Easy, on, the, eyes' reading with adjustable fonts and 16 shades of gray capability using digital ink :
Maximum font size is still not big enough for people with vision problems . Downloading books is easy, the screen is NOT too dark, the font size is adjustable and the Kindle customer service support is terrific . I know I need to go to the optometrist, but the Kindle will aide and abet me in avoiding that for a while , ,  the page is easy to read, the font size is easy to change, and my eyes sail across the words, my finger hits next page without me giving it thought . While they may not reproduce the look of a printed page, applications for these devices, such as ereader, do offer a variety of font types, background colors, and page turning mechanisms, the ability to read in either vertical or horizontal mode, and the ability to make the text scroll on the page, like a teleprompter, at a speed of your choosing . Aa keys to quickly change font size, turning on off text to speech, Pause text to speech, change speech rate and speaking voice rather than using the menu . Due to being able to change the font it is also difficult to be able to read this for a class and reference page numbers from an actual book, but a search function that regular books , don't',  have more than makes up for this . Being able to change your font size is really nice as well, but I keep mine at the lowest so I don't have to turn pages so often . I also really enjoy the ability to change font sizes, they are pretty close to large print books . Seemed like the perfect thing for an ex, avid reader, since you can change font size, have it read to you, download newspapers and magazines, and you don't have to drive to the book store or library ! Most books, however, are very easy to read, and the variable font size enables me to find the font size that works best for me . While not as much text fits on a screen as on a mass, market paperback page using the font size I like, pushing the  next page  button has become second nature . I like the small size, the grey colour background is relaxing, and its good to be able to change the size of the font . The Kindle 2 is lightweight, easy to hold, easy to read, and I love the fact that I can change the size of the font, depending on my situation . The interface is a bit like reading newsprint, though you can change the font size to 6 or 8 different settings .