 The Palm resturant in the hotel had some specials Sunday night, we ate there and the food service, etc were outstanding portions are large and we shared since we are not big eaters . But the presentation was awesome and the food was so good and not having to walk in the dark at night and scare my mother or pay for a taxi or bus, but sit around and eat comfortably in my pajamas was well worth the cost to me . For self catering types, Bockwinkels is a well stocked mini grocery 2 blocks south and 1 block east on street level for snacks, drinks and all kinds of deli prepared foods, plus the Aon Center's underground food court 2 blocks south and 2 . Room service was extortionate though, very very expensive, so we didnt bother, as food outlets a few minutes walk away . Room service food quality was very good but with a $7 tray charge plus 20% service, I then absolutely refuse to tip for delivery . there is a market one block south of the Hyatt that has wine beer and food for reasonable prices until 2am, and a Dominick's   grocery store across the river open til 1am . If you want good food at a decent price, there is a restaurant called Houlihan's down the street from the hotel on Wacker St . Very much enjoyed the Chicago Food Tour, a walking tour that incorporates food tastings at various places like a bakery, traditional deli, pizza, chocolate lounge, etc . The hotel is advertised to have multiple restaurants, but that was not the case either , ,  other than room service the only option for dinner is The Palms restaurant which is very overpriced for the quality of the food . There's an escalator that goes into the basement where you'll find a nice upscale restaurant and a long walkway concourse that leads to an underground mini, mall, with a grocery store, fast, food restaurants, barber shop etc . , followed shortly thereafter by a knock and a housekeeper telling us our sign wasn't out  the hotel's extremely limited cable service    our housekeeper didn't refill replace our shampoo or shower gel our entire stay, nor did she empty all of our trash bins at any one time  our room service on two occasions brought us cold soggy, , and very late, , food  the lobby bar closes at 9 p .