 There are a couple pubs, a great patisserie and even fast food restaurants within a block . The neighborhood is an upscale residential area full of restaurants in easy walking distance ranging from  fast food  to up, scale with a wide variety of cuisines , ,  we never had a bad meal . Full English breakfast was included in our rate and was very good indeed ,  staff were busy clearing tables promptly and fresh food kept arriving all the time . ,  Great location  ,  Very good selection of food for breakfast buffet . I can't see what sets it apart from other 3, star hotels I've stayed in ,  other than the fact it's in London, in a posh area and has good food . There are plenty of restaurants in the area as well, including fast food joints and two small, ish supermarkets . They also have a great room service menu and was surprised at the big portions and quality of the food, great to get a bit in your room after a night on the town . Breakfast equally tired ,  although a reasonable selection of food, general ambience in restaurant more like a youth hostel . I ordered room service one night, and the food was delightful, and the service was fast and friendly . The location is just around the corner from the tube, Boots and Waitrose   right next door, close to many restaurants including fast food if you like . There were Italian, Indian, British, American fast food, and Thai restaurants very close to the hotel on Cromwell   Gloucester Rds . Room service is expensive but good, the food was delivered hot and was tasty but was chosen from the current uninspired Holiday Inn room service menu, when I ordered a £6 . We ate on evening once at the Garfunkels pub in the mall, it was typical chain restaurant food but fast with good service . There is no mini, fridge in standard rooms, so you can't store any food ,  the hotel used to have mini, fridges . As mentioned, there are several places to buy food if you're going cheap :
The hotel is just a couple of minutes walk from the nearest tube station and also has a Waitrose , Tesco and various Fast Food joints and restaurants nearby . Shame that we had to use the forum restaurant this morning prior to check out ,  this restaurant is on the first floor and is one of the buffet style breakfasts so lukewarm food and very busy . The hotel itself was very pleasant ,  the staff friendly and helpful and I can only comment on the breakfasts as this was the only meal that we had there ,  the food was excellent with a wide variety of choice . The area has a few pubs, a couple of steak places, a number of Indian restaurants and some fast food, so it's convenient for that . Additionally, they recommended the Cafe Forum which was about two blocks from the hotel for breakfast, the prices were reasonable and food was excellent . There is 24 hour room service, a restaurant, and a tavern in the hotel although we did not sample the hotel food . The food here is great, we had breakfast brought to our room, although pricy well worth it . Another good thing is that the rooms have mini, fridges and it's great for storing ready, to, eat food from Waitrose . The Glouster Road tube station is just two minutes away, along with other food stores, pubs, internet cafes, restaurants etc . We didn't eat at the hotel ,  there were some great cafe's just around the block with great food at a much better price . It was in a fantastic position, one block to the Gloucester Road tube station    there's a supermarket and fast food shops, as well as other shops nearby and opposite the station . But it's great value for money, great location, pleasant staff, good food, and we'll be staying there again . The Delhi Brasserie restaurant recommended by the hotel's concierge was a short walk, the food delicious and reasonable . The best food deal in this area is the local grocery store down the street ,  get your breakfast and lunch here and dine out nightly . because it has sensor to count how many times you open it for beverage service, nice area, near Starbucks, pastry shops, fast foods, supermarket, walking distances to Kensington Palace, London Natural Science Museum, Harrods, Victoria Albert Musuem, pubs, and what else could you ask for .