 The service was good, very friendly staff and we loved the free wine reception each night . The nightly free wine tasting from 5 ,  6 pm is a brilliant idea and gets guests together to socialise witheach other . We were also told of the free wine reception at 5pm, great idea as it meant you could chat to your fellow guests . As said before, the free wine reception in the evening is Two Buck Chuck, drinkable, but certainly not anything to write home about . Free Wifi in your room, and the free wine reception in the evenings was great . The manager's cocktail hour was a nice touch, and the free coffee in the morning was also nice though I had to ask both mornings for hot chocolate to be brought out for the kids, and the advertised biscotti was no where to be found . I didn't get to take advantage of the free coffee in the morning, but my husband and I did go to the 5pm, 6pm cocktail hour, which we enjoyed . Coffee and biscotti were available in reception every morning free of charge or if you preferred, there was a restaurant in the hotel that served breakfast or a Starbucks round the corner . This hotel offers a lot ,  a great location, great staff, free wine tastings and morning coffee . Evening wine hour from 5, 6 was also good , free wine and nibbles and a chance to talk to other guests about places to visit , eat etc . The wine tasting in the afternoon made available from the manager was a really nice touch as was the free tea and coffee in the lobby in the morning which got you off to a great start for the day . Nothing disappointed us about our stay and we didn’t even take advantage of the free wine tasting between 5, 6pm . Another great thing about the hotel is that every day, they offer wine and beer from 5, 6pm for free for all hotel guests . Every evening 5pm to 6pm, guests are invited to have free wine in the reception area and there is free coffee there every morning . The hotel's evening wine hour and morning's biscotti hour also distinguish the property as a cut above, and our group, which has stayed at many a biz hotel, had no problem whatsoever  in fact, a courtesy upgrade got us a fine meeting space with free internet, which even impressed our boss . There's free coffee, teas at breakfast time with little biscotti and, best of all, from 5 til 6pm you get a free wine 'tasting' reception   which, as long as you don't take the p
 No free internet here though . The lobby   has a wine tasting for free between 5, 6pm each night and you meet dozens of really nice people from all over the world . Coffee and hot chocolate were also available free from 6am each morning, although there was also a coffee maker in the room . The coffee and biscotti offered in the morning is a good way to start the day, and the free wine hour from 5 to 6 is very pleasant, although we were so busy we only attended twice . Guests actually talk to one another during morning coffee, and the free hour of wine at 5 pm . In the lobby they have free coffee, tea and biscotti everyday and have wine and snacks from 5 p to 6 p daily . The afternoon wine beer was a great idea, as was the free morning tea cofee . Free coffee and biscotti in the morning is a nice touch but we never made it back in time for free beer and wine from 5, 6pm . The hotel was of a good standard, big clean rooms, decent bathroom and the free wine reception in the evening was an added bonus .