 Good gas mileage, comfortable seating, lots of leg room . The gas mileage is still good, cant give specifics but for a V6, its good . With the SW fix and using the 0W, 20 oil our gas mileage has improved from 26 to 32 mpg   . Overall I like the Camry for its large trunk space, sporty look, the metallic red paint, reliability and low maintenance, Toyota warranty, Toyota dealer service department and better gas mileage than my full size truck . This car offers poor driver's seat comfort, poor vision  , only average ride quality, gas mileage 
 To top things off, the car gets terrible mileage . It gets great mileage for a V6, good sound system that comes standard in all Camrys and overall styling looks sporty and aggressive . This car has it all, styling, performance, durability, wonderful gas mileage and just a great and exciting car to drive . Gas mileage on recent long trip was a disappointing 28, 29 mpg . on my 2000 mile trip gas mileage in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina was 32 . It floats on the road, handles like it's heavy and substantial, but I get great gas mileage ,  around 30 mpg . Great ride, engine, interior, gas mileage . Great performance, great gas mileage  , superior quality ,  I always thought of a Camry as just a practical family sedan . I purchased this camry, three weeks ago, acceleration is a major problem, just not like the older models of camry, was in a accident, hit on the front right side, right fender, car was considered total loss, not fixable, I would not purchase another camry disappointed is this 2007 camry, gas mileage is not as good as prior years, i had to purchase another vehicle, it was not a camry, made in ky, it was a solid 2007 toyota RAV4 made in japan . I would highly reccomend this car If your looking for a sporty, roomy, 4 door sedan with good gas mileage
 Safety was #1 and mileage was #2 . I have to say the car rode great, comfortable and gas mileage great . For a 4 cylinder engine what get, up and go, not to mention the great gas mileage . Gas mileage for us will be what it is rated, maybe a little better on highway on the flat open roads of West Texas if you don't put your foot in it all the time . Once you learn the responsiveness of the gas pedal, you can get either the performance or mileage you want out of a 2 . My conclusion after doing a ton of research regarding safety, reliability, comfort and gas mileage :
 My overall mileage has been 23, 24 . Powerfull, quiet, good gas mileage, excellent workmanship, good audio system . I like how it looked when I got the car, but with high gas prices, I am very disappointed with the gas mileage . This car is easy to drive, great gas mileage and comfortable .