  First of all, the interior has way too many cheap plastic parts like the cheap plastic center piece that houses the clock . 3 blown struts at 30, 000 miles, interior trim coming loose and rattling squeaking, stains on paint, and bug splats taking paint off, premature uneven brake wear, on 3rd windshield   . This car is nearly perfect when compared to other cars in this class regarding interior dimensions, visibility, exterior styling, etc . Several parts in the interior rattle including the sunroof and some parts of the dash, the radio randomly will eject CDs, etc . The biggest complaints are the softness of the seat, the super cheap interior dash plastic and the location of the door pulls, they render the door arm rests useless . Cheapened interior materials, flimsy steering wheel switch gear, less padding in seats, only a 2, way power passenger seat, plastic covered board for seat, back map pockets, baby, puke yellow fake wood trim, etc . I love everything about my Camry, except for the interior looks, very cheap and the non alloy rims are very cheesy or cheap . The interior is very luxurious and comfortable, however the car feels slower than my 2002 Camry LE . I like the looks and interior but as described in some of the other reviews it has a hesitation problem when you slow down or brake, and then get back on the throttle . Also, the sound system is so poor unless you are willing to spend $3K more to get the JBL and leather interior, which come together . Fit and finish are exquisite, the interior is extremely well designed, looks good, fun to drive . Like the looks and styling, both interior and exterior . 3 It is a good interior and exterior design and should be copied by other car makers, but the MPG for the 2 . The styling does not say  Camry  anymore and the interior is mostly excellent ,  door handles are too hard and plasticky, some rattles especially when cold outside, not overly fond of the center console design . New interior is very pleasing to the eye and am happy to have features like tire pressure indicator, side airbags, 4 wheel disc brakes and 16 inch wheels included as standard . Examples include fit and finish  had to have the drivers door realigned due to metal, to, metal contact causing terrible rattling  , poor fit of interior parts, which causes a lot of rattling, especially when it's cold out  the auto tranny has a history of serious problems and acts weird, and lastly the paint quality, which chips very easily . Customizable features which don't require dealer help like some brands auto lock modes, interior light modes, etc . The blue neon center console makes the interior look really cool, every single person that's been in my car loved it . Practicality, good interior space, easy to get in and out of including putting an infant in a car seat . The ride is quieter, the car faster, the exterior and interior looks better . It shifts hard, has a lot of play in steering, has quite a few blind spots & the interior is cheap plastic which scratches very easy . The first one was returned to the dealer, on the day of delivery, because of excessive rattling noises coming from the interior, especially the back right side of the car . The ride is refined, steering is tight, plenty of interior space, the exterior design is refreshing to look at . IMHO, the exterior and performance are way better than other trims, though you can't compare interior of SE with XLE . Love the looks, power, roomy interior, good mileage at 32 hwy and 25 city . Interior still has too much hard plastic, especially the steering wheel, which has a raised crease hitting on the fingers as a constant reminder . The new interior design is ok to me, the blue, backgound center console is a little bit awkward, too bright at night . The interior is upgraded markedly, and although there is a bit less headroom, the added telescoping feature of the steering wheel combined with the greater travel of the seat   yields greater comfort . This is my second Camry and I like it, especially the art decoish design and simplicity of interior controls . All around this car is amazing, its sleek exterior and futuristic interior is sure to turn some heads .