 However, there are a couple of things that kill it for me 1 terrible driver seat comfort, kills my back 2 lack luster interior design, my Acadia has much better comfort 3 the VCM drives me crazy because the constant change in cylinder use is perceptible enough to be an annoyance . Love the interior and exterior look, the V6 is sensational, and getting compliments on the steel metallic color as if it's a Lexus or BMW . The seats are decent, the interior design is excellent IMO as well as the exterior design, and thus far it has been extremely reliable . The interior quality is OK, my 1999 Accord EX had a better comfort level on the seats . nice car, add'l $$ for premium gas, not as big of interior as accord, dealer that we would utilize for service not clean . Only needs to add drivers seat memory, 2, tone perforated leather, xenons, rear seat interior illumination mounted under front seats, and better tilt . The interior and exterior are nice . From the hard and uncomfortable driver seat, excessive body roll, several rattles in the interior and intrusive road noise, the vehicle just does not strike a chord n . The new body style looks great, and the interior is laid out very well . The car has a 268 hp engine which provides plenty of power for passing and yet the car gets 31 to 33 mpg the interior of the car is well laid out and the controls and gauges are easy to read and handle the fit and finish of the car is flawless a well built car the exterior design is smooth and flowing well done without excessive curves and as usual the Honda reliability remains its strong point I love driving this car I hate to get out of it at days end this is the first Honda I've purchased ill never drive anything other than a Honda again
 Excellent pickup and great interior . Interior is very roomy, and I can sit comfortably in the rear seat at 6'2  . Good trunk space, nice finish and materials in both the interior and exterior . The interior and exterior are nice . I previously owned a Chrysler 300 2006, so it is difficult going from a real comfortable interior, really massive dash to a bland and old fashioned interior . Everything is extremely well engineered and designed from the interior to the exterior to the engine compartment, etc . Eye,  catching appeal  fit and finish exterior interior  safety features laudable  audio system good esp w XM radio  interior room spacious  3 . I am extremely satisfied after the first week  though it was more costly, I still like the smooth power and handling of the V, 6, the comfort of the leather interior, and something new for me . From the overall exterior styling, the leather interior, dashboard, moon roof, engine, wheels, tires, and even the trunk you get nothing less than quality . Although it's a lower trim level, it has high quality interior trim  very comfortable seats  and and very smooth, quiet ride . I previously had a '01 Acura CL Type,  S and the ride is similar  interior design not all that much different than the TL and on the EX, L you get most of the same options  plus the added roominess in the '08 helps w  a family . Center instrument panel hard to read in bright daylight Was looking at new Nissan Coupe also, but purchased Honda because of larger interior .