 The light weight, the battery life, the keyboard, the non, protruding removable battery, the bright screen, the track pad disable button and general ease of use makes it hard to beat . , Tiny and light the slightly smaller than standard keyboard is no problem for me to use, , and I'm a touch typist, , the keys themselves are a good size and feel good . The keyboard is not quite perfect, the screen doesn't tilt back as far as I'd like, slightly higher resolution in the screen would be nice a new model not yet available in the U . The touchpad feels great, the boot up was fast, keyboard feels comfortable, and the screen is good . The machine has the most comfortable small keyboard I've ever used, because the keys are flat and so the surfaces that your fingerpads touch are actually about the size of standard keyboards . Keyboard is not as sturdy as I would like has some minor flex
keyboard is actually a pleasure to use inspite of small size
 Well, I'm a touch typist and very particular about my keyboard . The keyboard isn't quite full sized of course, but very easy to get used to . I think the most important thing on these small netbooks is the keyboard, and this one feels very good . ,  keyboard feels well laid out
 The keyboard is easy to type on  , the battery life is great, and I've found that I really do like the touch pad with all its features . Speaking of which, the keyboard's relatively large size ,  at 92% of the size of a normal one ,  writing longer texts on it is no problem . It is smaller than a standard keyboard, but after a day or two I got used to it and now I can type pretty fast with few mistakes . It's 92% the size of a regular keyboard, and my somewhat larger, than, average male hands have adapted completely in a few weeks . Great battery life, decent sized screen, and the keyboard was large enough to be comfortable to type on . The keyboard is excellent and even though only 92% the size of a full size keyboard, feels like the big one . I like the feel of the keyboard, and the touchpad software control makes it easy to use without getting in my way while I type . Has a very long battery life, runs videos and multimedia smoothly without issues, fast loading, very usable keyboard, stylish sleek design, decent pricing for what you get
 Due to the size of netbooks and a wide screen format, the screen should have been designed to be able to rotate all the way back to inline with the keyboard . The keyboard is comfortable to type on, it's not too small so that you have to consistently keep looking at the keyboard to find out which key you are going to press . The 10, inch screen is bright and has good color, and the keyboard is only slightly smaller than a regular one . It boots up quickly, especially after getting rid of the extra asus software that auto, boots at startup, its battery life is phenomenal, the screen is clear and easy to read, the keyboard is comfortable to type on and feels natural . I love the feel of typing on it, and have not had any issues transferring from a regular, sized keyboard to a smaller one . I was afraid I wouldn't like the small keyboard, but it's really easy to type on . I also have the Eeepc 900, but I can't stand typing on that keyboard ,  I've typed on this one for 10 hour work training sessions without issue . The keyboard is only slightly smaller than a regular one, so it's very comfortable . I mostly find that when I make typos, it's not because of the keyboard, it's because of the smallness of the screen, , I just can't see what I'm doing as well as a laptop .