My husband and I stayed for two nights at the Tuscan Inn and enjoyed it's great location to Fisherman Wharf and proximity to San Francisco's streetcars .
Had a very good stay at the hotel,everything clean and modern,absolutely great location for all the tourist attractions .
The location was PERFECT just a block and a half from fisherman's wharf and in walking distance to the pier with the sea lions, ghirardelli square,   and the start of the cable car tour on the hill, and also was a block and a half from the starbucks where the streetcar stops to take you to other parts of the city .
The location was great, walk out the doors and forward 250 yards and you're on Pier39 and Fishermans Wharf right on the sea front .
Everything about our stay at Best Western, Tuscan Inn was great, location to the wharf, cable cars and everything we wanted to see and do .
However, the Tuscan Inn has the best of all worlds,  great location, all the amenities, excellent staff, nice restaurant adjoining, and very reasonable prices .
the tuscan inn has a good location, within easy walking distance to the wharf .
The location of this hotel is great ,  close to Fisherman's Wharf, within walking distance of Ghiradelli Square, boats to Alcatraz and two cable car lines .
The staff are so friendly and the hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf , bus and cable car station .
The hotel is in a fantastic location just a 5 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and no more then 10 minutes from the cable cars and other attractions .
Location of the hotel was ideal to explore the know attractions, with just a 2 min walk to the wharf   ferries and the famous cable cars, which transported you to union square  lombard st etc .
The Tuscan Inn was in a great location a few minutes from Fisherman's Wharf .
We have now stayed in three hotels in Fisherman's Wharf but the Tuscan Inn represents a good comprise of location, cost and facilities .
The location only 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf made it a perfect base for exploring the area, we were able to walk or take public transportation everywhere we went .
First, it is in a fantastic location ,  blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance to so many things !
The location was also right next to Fisherman's Wharf and a 3 minute walk to the cable car .
I stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn at fishermans wharf last year, and when i booked the room I was just glad that i got a room at a good location in S .
The Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco is in such a great location for tourism, I'm surprised there isn't a much larger hotel here .
This was my 9th trip to San Francisco but unlike prior trips I was with my in, laws and had different criteria for the trip, they wanted to be close to all the Fisherman’s Wharf action and walking distance to the main tourist attractions, this hotel was ideal and the best value we could find in the location .
very good hotel ,  great location, concierge extremely helpful, decor is nice and the maid service was excellent   .
Great Location ,  Hotel room good also
The location of the hotel was within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiardelli Square .
The hotel is in a great location, Close to Fishermans wharf, Cable cars, ect .
The BW Tuscan Inn is a very charming hotel with an excellent location if you want to be within a 5 minute walk to Fisherman's wharf and Pier 39 .
good location, close to fishermans wharf, pier 39, ghiradaelli square and cable car stops to union square .
Good hotel great location friendly staff .
All in all a nice little hotel in a good location in Fishermans Wharf .
Other than the small room, the location was great and very close to all the attractions of Fisherman's Wharf .
This hotel is in a great location in terms of a walking distance to key Fisherman's Wharf attractions .
The location is excellent right in the centre of fishermans wharf, a few minutes walk to all the major attractions and cable car .
The hotel is in a great location  you can walk to anything in the Fisherman’s Wharf area .
Great Hotel and brilliant location near Fishermans Wharf
Location is great, very close to the wharf, easy walk to pier 39, less than a block's walk to the Cable Cars .