 Great Location ,  Nice   Rooms ,  Helpless Concierge
 The location is good, and the overall decor is nice, but there was nothing that I can really rave about . Perfect Location if you are Cruising from San Francisco
 The location was perfect for perusing the shops at Fishermans Wharf, we had dinner at Nicks's Lighthouse ,  the food was fine but the rest rooms were in a horrendous state, which completely put us off . Had a very good stay at the hotel, everything clean and modern, absolutely great location for all the tourist attractions . nice hotel great location liked the little extras
 The location was PERFECT just a block and a half from fisherman's wharf and in walking distance to the pier with the sea lions, ghirardelli square,   and the start of the cable car tour on the hill, and also was a block and a half from the starbucks where the streetcar stops to take you to other parts of the city . A lovely hotel in a great location
The location was great, walk out the doors and forward 250 yards and you're on Pier39 and Fishermans Wharf right on the sea front . Everything about our stay at Best Western, Tuscan Inn was great, location to the wharf, cable cars and everything we wanted to see and do . The location of Fisherman's Wharf area made me suspicious, as the area is very &quot touristy&quot  . However, the Tuscan Inn has the best of all worlds,  great location, all the amenities, excellent staff, nice restaurant adjoining, and very reasonable prices . The location of this hotel is great ,  close to Fisherman's Wharf, within walking distance of Ghiradelli Square, boats to Alcatraz and two cable car lines . Location, wise, the hotel was perfect  it was within walking distance of the pier for Alcatraz and a two minute walk away from the tram as well as Lombard Street . The staff are so friendly and the hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf , bus and cable car station . room was quiet, clean with good beds but very very smallnot a cheap hotelvalit parking was to much expencive but oke its the location
 Tuscon Inn was near the pier 39, which is a great location, checking in and out was easy . Excellent service great location good value
 The location is great, only 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf . It is in a great location, 5 minute walk to Fisherman 's Wharf promenade and 5 minute walk to a tram stop . Lovely boutique hotel in convenient location
 The location is fantastic ,  a 5 minute walk to the Wharf and close to bus and trolley stops . The location is great, I opted for a Fisherman's wharf stay for vacation having stayed near Union square on business in the past and I'm glad I did as it was easy walking distance to Chinatown and the touristy area of the wharf . Location of the hotel was ideal to explore the know attractions, with just a 2 min walk to the wharf   ferries and the famous cable cars, which transported you to union square  lombard st etc . We have now stayed in three hotels in Fisherman's Wharf but the Tuscan Inn represents a good comprise of location, cost and facilities . The location only 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf made it a perfect base for exploring the area, we were able to walk or take public transportation everywhere we went . Perfect Location and Lovely Inn
 The location is perfect ,  two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and only a block to the street car and trolley . Excellent location friendly staff clean and pleasant rooms
 The location was excellent ,  near the waterfront, the aquarium, Pier 39, Giradelli Square etc and very easy walk to cable cars, trolleys and bus routes . A great hotel in a great location
we found a friendly staff through out the hotel great location, rooms were small but as pointed out to me all land is prime in the area and all places have small rooms . Good location a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, if that's where you want to be . I stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn at fishermans wharf last year, and when i booked the room I was just glad that i got a room at a good location in S . The Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco is in such a great location for tourism, I'm surprised there isn't a much larger hotel here . Location wise, it is very centralized, walkable distance to the fisherman's wharf as well as the cable cars at both Hyde and Powell Streets   . Excellent location, very close to the Fisherman's Wharf   that made it very convenient to do the &quot tourist&quot  things . This was my 9th trip to San Francisco but unlike prior trips I was with my in, laws and had different criteria for the trip, they wanted to be close to all the Fisherman’s Wharf action and walking distance to the main tourist attractions, this hotel was ideal and the best value we could find in the location . very good hotel ,  great location, concierge extremely helpful, decor is nice and the maid service was excellent   . Good location   avoid restaurant would not recommend
The travel agent booked this hotel and this was the only hotel out of 10 that I did not book myself although hotel sounded ok This was part of the deal for the airfares  Location is excellent , Rooms Ok Staff variable some very helpful others not so  . It's a Best Western ,  so it's not luxery, but it's a nice hotel in a great location at a great price . Great hotel in a great location for Fisherman's Wharf
Great Location ,  Hotel room good also
 Overall an average hotel in a great location
 The location was great as we were within walking distance to just about everything . We were a little disappointed with the location of this hotel as although it is close to Fisherman's Wharf   Pier 39, it wasn't very busy in the nearby streets so we didn't feel like lingering in the restaurants before returning at night . The location is fabulous for getting around the Fisherman's Wharf and the concierge, Hugo and Cliff, are fantastic and full of wonderful ideas . The hotel is in a great location, Close to Fishermans wharf, Cable cars, ect . Visited 23 to 26 Sep ,  4 nightsGreat location within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf   . The location is great since it is only a couple blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, the ferry for Alcatraz, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square, cable cars, bus stops, and there is a small shopping center across the street with grocery store, etc . We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 3 nights at the end of May, the hotel has a great location within walking distance to the waterfront, including attractions and great restaurants . All in all, the location was perfect ,  a short walk to the cable cars or bus lines, a Safeway grocery and Walgreens drugs is across the street in a parking garage, type mall, and there are small places to eat breakfast nearby plus an IHOP a few blocks over . good location but ask for a room away from the road
good location, close to fishermans wharf, pier 39, ghiradaelli square and cable car stops to union square . The Tuscan Inn is in a great location, 2 blocks from the wharf, a block from the cable car, a block from the F, Line, opposite a Safeway, and next door to a nice Italian restaurant . Location is also great, with a couple of supermarkets within a block from the hotel . Other than the small room, the location was great and very close to all the attractions of Fisherman's Wharf . Perfect Location Priced A Little High
 The location is terrific ,  two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf . Location is fantastic , ,  2, 1 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, 4 blocks to Pier 39, 1, 1 2 blocks to the trolley . If you get a cheap rate here, have low expectations and are sound sleepers, then this is good for location to Fisherman's Wharf attractions . The location is excellent right in the centre of fishermans wharf, a few minutes walk to all the major attractions and cable car . The location was great, just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf . Great room, friendly staff, superb location ,  just a couple of blocks away from the hustle and bustle of Fisherman's Wharf and 2 minutes from the cable car turnaround that takes you straight to Union Square . The location is fantastic ,  just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, and everything is nearby . From the hotel we walked to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 30, The Cannery, Ghirardelli Square, Coit Tower, Lombard Street, Chinatown, and many other locations . Got to hotel, disappointed in the incredibly small rooms, but location is great . The location is great, if your an active person you can walk everywhere from this hotel, in fact we took a long run up the shore , , crissy field and accross the golden gate bridge . Great Hotel and brilliant location near Fishermans Wharf
 The staff were helpful, it was in a great location, and was very charming . The location is perfect for the first, time visitor and Fisherman's Wharf has a lot of nice things to do and places to eat . Great location for Fisherman's Wharf and a hotel with a homely, personal touch . OK hotel, very small and tight room, nice lobby and good location if you want to be by all the tourists that get drawn to the wharf, the best part of the hotel,  the restaurant downstairs on the corner, a little pricey but good breakfeasts and dinners . Location is great, very close to the wharf, easy walk to pier 39, less than a block's walk to the Cable Cars . Value location and  they remember your name
 It's location is fantastic if you want to get to the Ballpark, to the cable car, on and off the freeway, to the wharf, etc .