First and foremost, the good, yes it has good location, a block away from Gloucester Road Tube Station .
Location could not have been better with the Gloucester Road tube station just a few minutes' walk from the hotel .
Even better is the hotel's location ,  literally a two, minute walk around the corner and you're at the Gloucester Road Tube Station and a host of small shops, pubs and eateries .
If you want a reasonably priced place to stay in London in a convenient location, then this is a good choice !
Excellent location next to Gloucester Road tube station that has 3 train lines making getting around London really easy .
Great location, near Gloucester Road tube station, handy cluster of cafes, shops, couple of pubs, plus supermarket in the station complex .
One good aspect of this hotel was the location, it is about 2 blocks to the tube station, shopping and eating .
The positives about the place are the views from the windows if you have an upper floor room, and the location next to Gloucester Road tube station and a small shopping area .
Location was excellent with close proximity to tube station We will definitely stau here again , good value
Also it is perfect for the Gloucester Road tube station with direct trains to Heathrow airport terminals,very good location turn right as you exit the station the hotels a 3 minute walk on your right hand side .
Location is very close to Gloucester Road Tube so easy to get into central london for the tourist sites .
It's a great location   ,  literally a minute's walk to Gloucester Road tube station, 5 mins walk to the Victoria   Albert Museum and the British Science Museum .
Clean rooms, great location, close to the Gloucester Tube entrance .
The one standout is location , ,  it's only about a block from the Gloucester Rd tube station, which is on the Picadilly line that connects to Heathrow, so being on the west side of London, it's a shorter ride to and from aiport and a very short walk to your hotel with no changes, and then you are close to public transport for the rest of your stay .
The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum benefits from a fantastic location, right next to Gloucester Road Tube   or to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express .
Nice clean rooms, good value, and average location near a tube station, but the rooms directing towards the main street outside are all VERY noisy .
Excellent location in the nice and relatively quiet area 100m from Tube station and shops restaurants .
The location is great ,  very close to Gloucester Road Tube, with Waitrose supermarket, coffee shops and restaurants nearby .
Location of hotel is great, next to Gloucester Road tube, close to museums, short hike to Buckingham Palace etc .
The location of the hotel is excellent, in a very nice area right next to the Gloucester Road tube station and direct on the picadilly line from Kings cross .
Great location close to Gloucester Road tube stop .
Convenient to Gloucester Road tube station, , location could not have been better .
All in all a clean room, great location near hyde park and all the stuff in kensington chelea, near tube station , quiet area .
Loved the location as it's only a 1, minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station .
The hotel has an unbeatable location in a very nice part of South Kensington ,  only 1 block from the Gloucester Road station   .
The location of the hotel is great because it's about a block from the Gloucester Road Tube Station which is on several Tube lines .
Also, the close location of the gloucester road tube stop is great for getting around all of london .
Great location ,  a couple of minutes walk from Gloucester Rd underground station, and shops, restaurants, internet cafe etc
The hotel is in an ok location ,  close the the Gloucester Rd tube station .
The location in South Kensington is excellent as the Gloucester Road tube station is just around the corner and is served by 3 main lines, , District, Circle and Piccadilly .
This hotel is in a very convenient location, just a block and a half from the Gloucester Road tube station .
hotel but would stay again if the price was right due to the excellent location .
The location is great and the Tube station is very close .
The location of the hotel is superb ,  2 minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube   .
Very convenient location one block from Gloucester Road tube station .
The location can't be beat , ,  a two, minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop .
The location is excellent, just a short walk from the Gloucester Road tube station and in a lovely neighborhood .
Fantastic location right next to Gloucester Rd tube station .
The tube station is right there and the location is great for getting around London .
The location is excellent being a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station with its good connection to Heathrow airport and to central London .
Service was great and the location of the hotel was very convenient   .