 First and foremost, the good, yes it has good location, a block away from Gloucester Road Tube Station . The location of this hotel is it's best feature ,  two blocks from the tube on lines that run to most major attractions . The public areas are fine if bland, the rooms comfortable if slightly cramped, the location good for tube and bus but just a little 'distant' . Overall, I would recommend this hotel to friends, and would probably stay here again, because it was such a great location and clean . Even better is the hotel's location ,  literally a two, minute walk around the corner and you're at the Gloucester Road Tube Station and a host of small shops, pubs and eateries . In London its often hard to find good location and good customer service in the same place ,  The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum did that for me and I couldn't ask for more . It's rated 4, stars, but I also stayed at an equivalently rated Marriott while in London, and a 3, star Holiday Inn Express in Scotland, and the service and rooms were much better at the other locations . Excellent Hotel ,  Great Location . The hotel was a great location just 1 block from Tube, Grocery Stores, Pharmacy and 2 blocks from Natural History and Victoria   Albert Museums . LOCATION ,  this hotel is located around the block from the Gloucester tube station   and a few ATM machines . Great location, near Gloucester Road tube station, handy cluster of cafes, shops, couple of pubs, plus supermarket in the station complex . For the price and location, this was a very great hotel . We wanted something more spacious, but this hotel had extremely convenient location and good reviews, so we decided to stay there . The positives, great location, just a few minutes from a tube station which makes touring easy and with a travelcard taking midday breaks is easy . It is a great location, the rooms are a bit basic, but clean and we actually got a pretty good view this time . went for a city break with the family hotel good location harrods 20 mins walk, royal albert hall 10 mins, and under ground around the corner, plenty to see and do around hotel . One good aspect of this hotel was the location, it is about 2 blocks to the tube station, shopping and eating . Since everyone starts with the good that I agree with ,  great location, very clean, I'll state the not, so good . Tower block hotel in fantastic location near good shops, bars and restaurants . The positives about the place are the views from the windows if you have an upper floor room, and the location next to Gloucester Road tube station and a small shopping area . For a little extra money, the soon to be Crowne Plaza over the road offers far better service yet with the same great location
Nice hotel with great location for transportation . We've stayed at this hotel before and it's always been a great choice for it's location, cleanliness and staff . Its location is probably the first thing worth mentioning, being a 10 minutes walk from the natural history museum, a 15 minutes walk from beautiful Hyde Park and just behind the corner of the Gloucester Road underground station   . Location is great, 5 mins walk to the Natural History Museum, 15 to Kensington High St and 2 mins to the tube and in a high room you can see for miles   . Also it is perfect for the Gloucester Road tube station with direct trains to Heathrow airport terminals, very good location turn right as you exit the station the hotels a 3 minute walk on your right hand side . It's a great location   ,  literally a minute's walk to Gloucester Road tube station, 5 mins walk to the Victoria   Albert Museum and the British Science Museum . Clean rooms, great location, close to the Gloucester Tube entrance . The one standout is location , ,  it's only about a block from the Gloucester Rd tube station, which is on the Picadilly line that connects to Heathrow, so being on the west side of London, it's a shorter ride to and from aiport and a very short walk to your hotel with no changes, and then you are close to public transport for the rest of your stay . Room ,  clean, good size, everything you need is in the room including the coolerLocation ,  within every attractions, short walk or you can take the double decker just across the street . Great location ,  good value place to stay . The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum benefits from a fantastic location, right next to Gloucester Road Tube   or to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express . The breakfast we had 1 morning was to say the least quite incredible there was so much variety, there was also no complaint in this area with the staff they were right on the ball   helpfulThis hotel while being high rise had some low moments for us as we felt some areas were really lacking but the hotels location is superb and staff like Peter did try and make your stay worth while . LOCATIONA block from Gloucester Road Tube which is conveniently on the Piccadilly, District   Circle lines . Nice clean rooms, good value, and average location near a tube station, but the rooms directing towards the main street outside are all VERY noisy . Great location, 1 min from Gloucester Tube . The hotel's location is the best thing about it ,  near the tube stop, museums and Kensington High Street . For our purposes, the hotel was perfectly adequate ,  the location was good and the room was clean and quiet . All, in, all this hotel was a great choice for the price and location . The location is great ,  very close to Gloucester Road Tube, with Waitrose supermarket, coffee shops and restaurants nearby . Like other reviews, the location of the hotel is great, seconds around the corner from the tube . Location of hotel is great, next to Gloucester Road tube, close to museums, short hike to Buckingham Palace etc . The location of the hotel is excellent, in a very nice area right next to the Gloucester Road tube station and direct on the picadilly line from Kings cross . Would definitely recommend this hotel if only for the fair price I got on priceline combined with the great, convenient location, which made it easy to get to all the touristy sites in London . Convenient to Gloucester Road tube station, , location could not have been better . All in all a clean room, great location near hyde park and all the stuff in kensington chelea, near tube station , quiet area . The good thing about this hotel is its location, you are a 10 minute walk from Harrods and £13 taxi ride to Covent Garden which will take you past all the tourist attractions :
 Loved the location as it's only a 1, minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station . The hotel has an unbeatable location in a very nice part of South Kensington ,  only 1 block from the Gloucester Road station   . We've stayed in London a lot and booked this hotel for one night due to a number of factors ,  the location, the price   the availibility of a room to accomodate three adults . The hotel itself is truly in a great location ,  on the same road as the major London museums it took a leisurely 5, 10 minutes to stroll to the wonderful Natural History Museum   a further 5, 10 minutes up the road to Harrods . Less than a five minute walk from the tube station and within walking distance to the Museum of Natural History, really a good location . This being our first ever visit to UK, must say the location of the hotel, just 2min walk from Glousceter Rd tube stn was a great advantage as even during the weekend, Piccadely line remained open, though distict and central lines had some restrictions on a c of maintainence etc . Booking through Priceline led me to the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum which was inexpensive, in a great location, and clean and comfortable . In short, the location of the hotel made travel around London and getting to train stations to go out of London incredibly easy . Overall, we felt this hotel was in a convenient location and a good deal for a London hotel . Also, the tour bus most likely will not drop you off at your hotel after the tour, but rather at Victoria Station or some location nearest your hotel as the bus driver can get . Also, the close location of the gloucester road tube stop is great for getting around all of london . The location is great however, only 5 mins walk from the Gloucester Road tube and 10 mins walk to the South Kensington museums, Albert Hall, etc . The hotel is in an ok location ,  close the the Gloucester Rd tube station . Location was great ,  close to tube stop . The location of the hotel was excellent, a 5 min stroll from Gloucester Road tube, next to tesco express and a large supermarket just around the corner . Overall, we found the hotel only good for location and decent room if somewhat cold just like the weather was in London then . The breakfasts were excellent and the location is great for viewing London by bus, on foot and by tube  , which is just at the end of the road . brilliant, behind tube station, near local stores, restaurant, posh area, near kensington park, great central location yet quiet enough in a cul, de, sac location . The Forum Holiday is a big high rise and right across the street, is another Holiday Inn, albeit it much smaller which tends to confuse people looking for that 2nd location hotel . The location in South Kensington is excellent as the Gloucester Road tube station is just around the corner and is served by 3 main lines, , District, Circle and Piccadilly . Although in some ways I would have preferred a smaller, more authentic English hotel, we really couldn't beat the combination of price and location   . As also said before, location is excellent, very near the tube stations, plenty of delis and eating places nearby and a supermarkets for any snacks we wanted for the room . Location is great, hotel is wonderful, and price is right, it really is hard to beat right now . This hotel is in a very convenient location, just a block and a half from the Gloucester Road tube station . Comfortable room with large bed but limited space as is often the case with London hotels, but I found the location excellent . ,  very clean,  quiet,  bathrooms appear to have been updated recentlyThe hotel location is great . Friendly helpful staff, clean and comfortable rooms and not to mention its great location . This hotel is in a very good location ,  tube, buses, restaurants, shopping and museums all within very easy walking distance . Location was great being only a few yards from the Gloucester Road tube on Piccadilly, Circle and District lines and was therefore an ideal base for our sight seeing visit . Pleasant staff, clean hotel, comfortable beds, with a great location . Best part of all is the location, loved the Gloucester Road tube station nearby and the South Kensington area in general, very safe to walk around in any time day or night . Gloucester Road tube station is at the westernmost side of zone 1, making it a perfect location between the airport and central London . The location of the hotel is superb ,  2 minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube   . The hotel was clean, the beds were comfortable and the location was great . Maybe I'm being a little harsh so if you can get this hotel at a good rate it is probably just about worth it, as it has an excellent location . It's a great location and the rooms are nice and clean and yes, a bit small but definately NOT tiny . Perfect if you are going to see the sights in London, , great location to get around from, , right downtown . The hotel caters to airline personnel, cruise tourists, and is a good choice for someone that wants to have a safe location . But it's great value for money, great location, pleasant staff, good food, and we'll be staying there again . We thought this modern, efficient hotel was excellent value for such a great location in the heart of London . The location can't be beat , ,  a two, minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop . Great location, close to a tube station with a 24 hour Tesco metro nearby   . The location is fantastic, , you're literally around the corner from the Tube station  there's a Sainsbury's supermarket right above the aforesaid Tube station   . b basis Hotel huge ,  900 rooms Buffet breakfast good for a buffet This is a well run hotel with a great location for the metro  Rooms a bit on the small side but I would stay again
 The location is also good because it is literally 150 footsteps   from Gloucester Road Underground Station . I have stayed in a few hotels in London while touring but it would be difficult to find a better location in London for the tourist class who is looking for value, efficiency and cleanliness . The location is excellent, just a short walk from the Gloucester Road tube station and in a lovely neighborhood . Great location, grocery store open 24 hours within 5 mins walk and friendly international staff, will stay here again . I do recommend the hotel ,  it was clean, excellent location, there was ice on the top floor along with one microwave, etc . It is a relatively new hotel, clean and has a great location which is close to the underground with 3 connecting lines, it gives you an advantage to go anywhere without changing lots of trains . Like others, I liked the location with restaurants, Glouster tube station, small grocery stores, , , and internet cafes within easy walking distance . The biggest advantage of this hotel is it's excellent location just off of Gloucester Road in Kensington, with the Undergroud one block away, along with several nice restaurants and pubs in the area . I will say this hotel is in a wonderful location, right across from the gloucester tube station and only a stop or two away from Notting hill, Harrods, and Kensington High street . Yes I do stay here a lot and as such, guess that I get extra special treatment but it is in a great location with the tube within a 2 min walk surrounded by places to eat and drink and far enough out of central London to be quiet but you can still be in the west end in 15 minutes . Great location, freshly renovated, very small rooms, anonymous hotel, acceptable service . The location could not have been better with being so close to the Underground station and near good restaurants, grocery stores, post office, pharmacy, Internet cafe . The hotel is set in an absolutely ideal location, offers great rates, and excellent conceirge   . Great location, one block from the Gloucester Tube station with a number of acceptable restaurants in the area within walking distance . A true bargain in the London hotel market, and a very convenient location adjacent to the Gloucester road underground station . The location could not be better ,  one block from the intersection of Cromwell and Gloucester Roads, with the Glouster Road tube stop . Everything worked well, was in good condition and the room was quiet in spite of the hotel's busy location .