  It's quiet, get good gas mileage and looks clean inside and out . The mileage is great, and I've had to get used to stopping less for gas . 6, 4, 3 eco engine has poor performance and gas mileage of 22 highway . Runs better than AUDI A6 ,  Better Mileage 
 Gas mileage at first wasn't great but having reached 2500 miles, it seemed to go up dramatically in city driving . I do miss the carry and load capacity of the Pilot, but the Accord gets decent gas mileage by comparison   . gas mileage sucks, i was getting 20 mpg on 05 accord v6 and seem to pull only 18 mpg on this one . On top of all this, I get horrible gas mileage  in city driving I get 15, 16 mpg . It looks great, handles well, and gets good gas mileage . It's no 8 cylinder GT, but it also gets double the gas mileage and so far, no problems . Gets great gas mileage, I mostly drive city and I am currently receiving 25 . Fun to drive, fairly roomy, looks good, gas mileage is OK  , but not as good as Honda advertises . I had tons of room in my 4Runner, but I needed something that would get better gas mileage w o giving up power . It feels safe, performs well, looks fantastic and gets decent gas mileage for its size . Gas mileage is horrible too, 20 mpg city highway after 6000 miles . If you are looking for a car that is affordable and well built this is the car for you bad gas mileage
 In reality we have been very disappointed our in city mileage is 16, 17 and highway is better at 27 . Good looking inside and out, comfortable and roomy, commendable performance, and excellent gas mileage . I was tempted to go for the V6, but I drive 42 miles one way to work and we have an '07 Odyssey with the variable cylinder management system and unless you're on long highway runs it doesn't get the gas mileage Honda claims . I just love this car ,  and with almost double the highway gas mileage that I was getting with my Grand Cherokee ,  that adds a lot of $$ towards my monthly payment . The Gas mileage is good, the acceleration sometime is slow when cold from 1st to 2nd gear . We bought this car with the expectations of getting a car that feels good with my bad back, gets good gas mileage, and is reliable . So far, the reliability has been as expected, it is comfortable on my back, and the gas mileage has been pretty good . The gas mileage has been as advertised, hitting 32 mpg on the highway when driving at 65 MPH . Gas mileage after 1000 miles is averaging apprx 23,  24 mpg in a blend of city highway . SUV, wanted something with better gas mileage and something that had good resale value . The 4,  door provides the room we needed, the exterior design keeps the  sedan  from looking boring, the gas mileage is great, the price point was right, and the reliability is terrific . i just purchased my lx, p a couple of weeks ago, having driven a pick up for the last 25 years, i was really surprised at how much i like this car, going from a big v, 8 to a 4 is a change but the power is good, gas mileage is great . At first the gas mileage was a disappointment, but as the car is now breaking in   it's getting better . I expected a little better gas mileage avg, approx 26 mpg . poor gas mileage look close at your window sticker not the big mpg numbers but the ratings below, it tells you that you could get 17 mpg based on your driving habits . The car is very smooth for a v4, my first, but I thought that the gas mileage should be More about 38, 45 . Mileage looks like it will be a little less than the older V6 Hondas
 Some here have complained of poor gas mileage, but I've had mine almost two weeks, driven 300 miles so far in mostly city driving, and have a bit more than a quarter of a tank left . I love the appearance of the car from the outside, and it has a much bigger feel to it, ride is a little stiff but smooth, engine is very responsive, however gas mileage is diappointing getting 5 mpg less then 06 Accord . The car is as big and roomy inside as my old Acura Rl, handles better and gets better gas mileage . It's fun to drive, and gets great gas mileage . It was the combination I was looking for, great look, good value, decent gas mileage, and Honda's resale value . Gas mileage is OK, averaging about 23, 24 city ,  31 highway normal driving, I don't drive fast, but I don't drive slow either .