 Amazon claim's it's only 20% faster, but it FEELS almost twice as fast ,  and the menus are much better organized and easier to navigate . 0 out of 5 stars Significant improvements to ergonomics and navigation, February 24, 2009
There are several on, screen navigation improvements due to faster e, ink :
The Kindle 1 roller button and quirky silver navigation bar are gone . 1 the ink takes a moment to display on the screen after your input from the keyboard or navigation contoller  2 the keyboard input is stiff and requires a direct punch on the very tiny keys to register  3 the keyboard is so close to the bottom of the unit, and the Kindle is so flexible, typing is something of a laborious or even tortured action for relatively short notes such as this paragraph actually written on the Kindle 2 . Navigation is much easier with the 5, way button . I realize the K1 did not have this either, but it sure would be easier to touch the places you want to navigate than use the joystick . It's actually slightly more awkward to navigate using the touch screen because you have to look between both screens, whereas with the Kindle you just use the directional rocker in the planned direction . >> Far better navigation between articles in periodicals, and easier navigation overall with its five, way controller replacing the K1's clumsy and time, consuming navigation wheel and cursor
 The new navigation button works well, and the keyboard   feels good to my fingers . The thumb stick navigation on the Kindle takes some getting used to, especially those who use touch screens or mice everyday . The buttons work well even with my large fingers and the navigating 5, position control is easily mastered and easy to use effectively . The buttons on the K2 are not easily pressed while reading, and I love the 5, way button that allows me to easily navigate between my newpaper pages   . I was worried about navigation without the scroll wheel, but find it much easier to use and it is more productive and faster to use the new navigation .