 However, parking is $30 night and valet only, which becomes a pain . room was quiet, clean with good beds but very very smallnot a cheap hotelvalit parking was to much expencive but oke its the location
 Parking is crazy expensive, we drove up from LA so we had a car ,  but otherwise, you really don't need it . Valet parking is, in my view, unreasonably high at $38 per night, but again we knew this before we arrived so can't really complain . Parking at $45 a night was outrageous, but probably worth it to keep your car safe . Valet parking for $40 per night seems a bit steep, but at least the service was efficient and quick . Valet parking was $45 per night with tax, but that includes in and out privileges and my car was there whenever I needed it . Valet parking is provided at $36 day which was, I thought, excessive . The hotel, located a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf as well as Ghiardelli Square, has a nice Italian theme that carries into the lobby as well as the uniforms for the parking valets . Speaking of parking, you're going to have to pay and it's going to have to be valet service, as there are no free self park lots that are part of the hotel . Not only is it pricey at $36 day, but having nothing but valet parking means you have no access to your car unless you have one of the valets fetch it from the lot for you . Valet parking was $36 a day, but we're not complaining because other SF wharf hotels have charged us a similar fee even without the valet service . We stayed at the BW Tuscan Inn only because they were offering a great winter deal , $99 for a room with king, size bed and free parking   . Although the parking charge is steep, it seems to be the market price in San Francisco, or as the locals like to call it :
 I notice on other reviews the high cost of parking which we didn't have to consider as we were advised you do not need a car to get around SF, and this is quite true . All in all, the location was perfect ,  a short walk to the cable cars or bus lines, a Safeway grocery and Walgreens drugs is across the street in a parking garage, type mall, and there are small places to eat breakfast nearby plus an IHOP a few blocks over . In addition, the valet parking is apparently handled by an outside contractor, and turned out to be considerably more expensive than we had been told ,  $35 day ,  which seemed very high . Because of the exhorbitant $29 valet parking fee, we only rented a car for Sonoma and Napa for one day . 30 am, we discovered that the parking garage next door   would not be open until 7 ,  7 :
 I thought the $29 per day parking was ridiculous, but I hear that's the standard in SF . Upon arriving, there was a very long and confusing to do with the valet parking ,  we hadn't gotten our luggage out of th car and the valet wanted the keys . As far as parking is concerned, we were shell, shocked at what most of the hotels charge for parking—up to $40 night . The Tuscan is $29 night, but if you search for a package rate on their web site, you may get parking included in your room rate . We didnt have or need a car so we didnt have to deal with parking a car I believe it is $30 a day, ,  par for the city . Note to those with a car, overnight valet parking is $26 but right next door the car park is $15 and it takes about 30 seconds to get from your car back to the hotel ,  why pay $26 ? Parking was $26 day ,  free valet with on and off priv . I was aupset, since my $89 night room had gone to $138 night between the parking   and the pet charge .