 Very happy with my 08 Accord, performance is quite adequate it has nice looks and is a great long,  distance cruiser . 6, 4, 3 eco engine has poor performance and gas mileage of 22 highway . Engine performance lacks punch after 60, head rest are poor design, lacks driver seat memory rear seat a c, radio system is marginal compared to Bose, Seats are hard and small for a large person . Features, quality, reliability, and performance, at a price no other car maker can touch . I owned this car for only a week, but I am pleasantly surprised by its performance and build quality . Good looking inside and out, comfortable and roomy, commendable performance, and excellent gas mileage . The bigger size has taken some getting used to, but the additional horsepower compared to the '02 and the performance are like night and day . I went for comfort over performance to fit it in my budget so the EX, L with the 4 cyl engine . I researched many other makes and models but for the performance, quality, and style, the accord won hands down for cars under $32, 000 . Performance is outstanding, more like a sports car than a coupe . Lots of power with the 6 spd, and the car has a great balance of style, performance, and   reliability . The car is great, both with styling and performance . I purchased a 2004 V6,  Leather and I did not think Honda could do any better with design or performance . I was looking for a luxury, feel car with great performance at a good price . Overweight ,  3600 pounds, lots of road noise, and the combined performance of the VCM and the grade logic automatic transmission mke this a miserable driver . I was looking for a mid size coupe with style, performance and all season traction capability . After tracking almost 2 months of research on American and Japanese mid, size car models, only two stands out for their performance, reliability and safety ,  Honda Accord and Toyota Camry . My my, I have never experienced such smooth performance, stability, pick, up, mileage and comfort that I am enjoying with my new 2008 Honda Accord . When I first tested the EX, L V6, the performance and handling of the car sold me,  I had to get it and I did .