 All in all, a normal chain hotel on a nice location  , I will be back if I do not find anthing closer to Picadilly for a better price . I got this hotel on price line for a 4 night stay with my boyfriend for our anniversary, for about £80 a night inc taxes, however after reading reviews about this hotel I was very worried about staying here . For the price and location, this was a very great hotel . However, if you are looking for a comprehensive hotel experience, I'm sure there are plenty of better hotels available for the same price in the city . I wouldn't say it stands out particularly, but if you're looking for a reliable, convenient, comfortable place in London, this is a great place to stay , ,  especially if you can get it at a good price on Priceline or another site like that . It's an okay hotel, and I don't mind staying there again if I get it for a cheap price through Priceline . All, in, all this hotel was a great choice for the price and location . I booked this hotel via Holiday inn , 2 nights for the price off 1  . Good price through ExpediaHotel in general is in good shapeTips :
 I would not stay at this Holiday Inn again unless the price was halved, because there are simply too many places offering better value in London . Would definitely recommend this hotel if only for the fair price I got on priceline combined with the great, convenient location, which made it easy to get to all the touristy sites in London . ,  smallish roomsOld style bar pubNo ventilation on a smoking floorIt's not worth the hotel web, site price of £160 for STD room . We've stayed in London a lot and booked this hotel for one night due to a number of factors ,  the location, the price   the availibility of a room to accomodate three adults . Another word of warning when booking through the Holiday Inn website ,  VAT was NOT included in the price at the time of booking until you actually processed the booking and paid for the room ,  this is apparently now normal for many London hotels which I'd never experienced before ,  we ended up paying £17 more per night than I'd expected . The bathroom is tiny but at least there is a bathroom attached to the room  in a lot of hotels that I looked at online in the same price range, bathrooms were not en suite . the only reason to choose this hotel is its location, for other aspects, not up to standard for its price . In sum, we wouldn't pay rack rate for this hotel, but at a reduced price it's an efficient, functional place to stay in London . Also got a good price for the room thro priceline about 47 pounds per night, hotel very clean and well run . Although in some ways I would have preferred a smaller, more authentic English hotel, we really couldn't beat the combination of price and location   . Would recommend the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum for location, price  , and cleanliness . Location is great, hotel is wonderful, and price is right, it really is hard to beat right now . Stayed between Xmas and New Years and the room, location, etc were what to expect for the price I paid . Stay here ,  you won't regret it,  great price ,  great location . The shower pressure was a bit low but that's the price you pay for the top floor and it was well worth it  ,  Instead of minibar there was an empty fridge which came quite handy for our own beverages, I doubt they would have milk in their minibar  ,  Tea and coffee making facilites and iron with board were a great bonus to what we had expected from our room . The only downsize of this hotel I see in the cost of breakfast, with price of more than £15 for full English breakfast or £10 if booked in advance . Our Hotwire price did not include breakfast, but several restaurants were nearby, and the hotel had a reasonable coffee crossaint deal . That's a good price even though the room was tiny, however, when it came to the continental breakfast, the hotel would not permit us to partake of same, telling us that because we reserved through Hotwire, we were ineligible for the breakfast . Overall, this hotel is okay if you're on a budget or get a good deal through a discount site, but definitely NOT worth paying retail price for . Anyway it may not have the charm or history of other hotels in London, but for the price location we would   visit again . We didn't eat at the hotel ,  there were some great cafe's just around the block with great food at a much better price . For a similarly good location  , you can stay at the London Hilton Metropole for the same price and receive much better service . Got this at a great price via priceline and at first was worried about Holiday Inn,  as usually don't care too much for this chain in the U . This is definitely a modern hotel, no English charm here, but the location and the price can't be beat . After initial angst of getting a room, after a NY, London flight, I settled for a twin and not a double bedded room, 17th floor , small but very comfortable room, windows do open, bathroom new , staff fine and concierge area knowledgeable and openly interested and helpful, the hotel really tries, dont nit pick small things, dont pay more than $120 max and if you want to at least check out other reliable hotels, there are many shockers at all price ranges, do your research  !