 If you have the first Kindle and are deciding whether to upgrade, do it now while you can still get a good price for your old Kindle on Amazon's Marketplace, craigslist, wherever . I believe that what he said was that when the books were on the NYT Best Seller's list, they would be priced at $9 . I would have been glad to have paid any price to have had a book reader that was easier to read for myself with 20 20 vision and especially for the low, vision reader . since the cost of the kindle is high anyway, the benefit, other than easy storage, was the reduced price of book downloads . I want you to know that ultimately, however, if I want a Kindle I will have to capitulate and accept Amazon's terms because Amazon has a monopoly over their own machine, and I will have to purchase one even at prices I believe are needlessly high for e, book readers . However, I will say, the selection of inexpensive books has been worth the purchase price of this item  especially for those that enjoy reading the classics or nationwide news, it has been a joy to purchase entire collections for a fraction of the cost of purchasing new or even used books . Mind you, it's the same size as the Kindle 1, and that of most book pages, but I for one dream of something larger without a larger price tag . But, as far as my reading experience with the kindle 2, I have downloaded so many books and all at a fraction of the original price . Yes, it costs extra, but they lowered the price on the Kindle 2 so that buying the basic cover costs plus the purchase price of the device itself equals the cost of a Kindle 1 . But given my book storage issues and how much it would cost me to rent a bigger apartment here in the City, I didn't mind paying the current price . It is pricey but if you buy as many books as I do, it will pay for itself within a year due to the low cost of most books . Perhaps the misunderstanding was mine, but I find myself once again buying books or borrowing from the Library because of inflated prices for the new releases . I had been wanting a Kindle but had balked at getting one because of the price, but after our last move and packing up all of our books, and giving many away I was more open to the idea . In addition, you can sort the Kindle books by price and find many more free books . Reading is something that I absolutely love, but I find it hard to wait several days for a book to be shipped to me or pay the outrageous prices at a bookstore . There are many other ways such as mp3 players, portable DVD players, not to mention the radio to listen to while driving, that are almost fully paid for by the price for just one audio book . no waiting time for the paperback version, and getting the e, book version almost for the same price as the paperback version
4 Delivery and Prices for Austrian User
The average price of an up, to, date e, book for an Austrian user is about 13, 79 USD, some you get for about 10, 58 USB .