 As of today, I am a bit disappointed in the build quality of the car . I've had 2 Camry's before the one, and bought it thinking that the quality standards known to a Toyota would still remain excellent . Mine suffers from the tranny slip   on the 3, 4 upshift when cold, build quality is good but nothing like the Toyota, hype I was expecting, as it has its share of squeaks and rattles just like a 10 year old Chevy . Overall a good car, no build quality issues yet . The quality of construction, ride, quietness, and legroom are excellent . This car offers poor driver's seat comfort, poor vision  , only average ride quality, gas mileage 
 JBL radio is low quality cd, fm, and mp3 all sound the same . However, the quality of this car is not acceptable for Toyota standards . This was the 7th Camry and the last, I feel Toyota quality is slipping big time . The ride, comfort, and drive is as expected, however, the quality and reputation of yore are completely gone for the flagship Camry . It's not a terrible car by any means, but the quality since they starting building them in America has really slipped . As compared to my wife's 2004 Highlander, my new Camry does not exhibit the same build quality . While I applaud the new design  , Toyota seems to be slipping in quality . Examples include fit and finish  had to have the drivers door realigned due to metal, to, metal contact causing terrible rattling  , poor fit of interior parts, which causes a lot of rattling, especially when it's cold out  the auto tranny has a history of serious problems and acts weird, and lastly the paint quality, which chips very easily . The ride, the fit and the build quality are what I was expecting after owning Toyotas in the past . Great performance, great gas mileage  , superior quality ,  I always thought of a Camry as just a practical family sedan . My third Camry and by far the worst, the paint is of poor quality . I have rattles on both B pillars and the build quality is rather poor, with unsightly gaps in the passenger side dash where it does not fit together properly . transmission hunts for gears, ride quality much worse than even a mediocre car, Auto sound level doesn't work, accessory outlets do not work unless car is running or acc is on  , radio shuts off when engine is shut off . Was sold by the reputation for quality, reliability, and the 2007 redesign . Vehicle ride is extremely smooth, compliant and quiet ,  very close to Lexus quality   for thousands of dollars less . The new 2007 Camry should have the higher quality than 1997 Carmry, but not in my case . However, the quality is absolutely terrible for a Toyota . I will keep this car, but I hope Toyota improves their quality to their older standards of the mid 90s . While I love the design, the poor components, sub, par fit, and, finish, poor quality control, and unreliable work on the part of dealership techs will make me question the quality of any future Toyota vehicle .