 The rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded, there was an HD TV and a nice iHome docking station to put my iPod so I could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio . My son loved the Chicago river view from our 31st floor , rooms where neat and clean . I've olny ever stayed in the 'standard' rooms in this property, all of which are spacious and airy, and function well for both business or leisure travellers . The hotel is shaped like a triangle from the sky, and this strange shape combined with the location of the elevator shafts made many rooms quite noisy . The location of the hotel is perfect for shopping and local bars restaurants on the golden mile, and views from most rooms very good . no more bathrobes in corner rooms suites  coffee service in room is parred way down  the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful, although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish  check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor . Rooms are good quality and clean, what you would expect from a four star business hotel . The rooms are large, the view was wonderful overlooking Navy Pier . The rooms are spacious and pristine with pillow, top beds that made it almost impossible to get up in the morning because it was so comfortable . The rooms are very nice, well, appointed, with comfortable beds . The rooms are very clean, comfortable and spacious and up, to, date . Rooms in similar hotels would usually be about $250, 300 . It does suffer, however, from a trend that I have been noticing that as rooms at business class hotels are upgraded ,  particularly with a patch panel for the big LCD, TV ,  drawer space becomes less and less . The hotel looks like an office tower, the rooms look like converted boardrooms and the place has all of the charm of a Fortune 500 executive suite . very nice pool and spa on the 42nd floor, rooms and lobby were clean, easy walk to Michigan Ave through via the lower level walkway to the Illinois State center, beds were comfortable . The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude . The rooms are spacious and have nice views, I was NOT impressed with the mattress and every, little, tiny thing costs money . It was a good hotel, the rooms were clean and there were little things like dressing gowns that were a nice touch but other everyday things let the hotel down . The bad side is that the rooms are dated and in need of some upgrades, but for $109 a night through Travelocity it was great . There is simply no better way to experience the 4th of July in Chicago, than in one of the corner rooms with a view of Navy Pier . The interior of the guest rooms is decidedly generic, lacking the style of some of Chicago's newer hotels   . Suspecting the rooms were allocated under the control of large travel agencies, I immediately called a friend and had them book me using hotels . I originally booked 2 rooms because their online reservation site would only allow you to book a room for 1, 3 people and there was no guarantee that you would get a room with 2 double beds . The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards . The Swissotel was a great place to stay, rooms were very clean, and quiet at night for a great nights rest, with extremely comfortable beds, and high quality bedding . So, in all, I would definitely stay hereagain, even though the service stinks, the restaurantis for rich patrons with money to blow and the peopleare snobs, the rooms make up for it . The beds were extremely comfortable, rooms were extremely spacious and the bathrooms were as well . We didn't check out the normal rooms but my parents were in a &quot normal&quot  room and loved it, and said it was one of the nicest and most importantly cleanest they'd been in lately . The hotel was very nice, rooms were big, the pool hot tub area was very nice, and the location was great and easy to get to . Rooms were clean, good sized and great views of Navy Pier . While the rooms are quite nice, I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago . Rooms were very comfortable and spacious with nice furniture, comfy bed, luxurious bathroom, great TV, etc . There's also an indoor pool, large excercize room, and spacious men's and women's locker rooms on the top floor with floor, to, ceiling windows all around you . The rooms are spacious and I've never had any problems with noise,  they are much quieter than other hotels I've been at . The views were amazing, the rooms were comfortable and the staff was always helpful whenever I had a question . Hotel's architecture is nice, location near all point of interets and rooms are large, clean, quiet .