The rooms are on the small side but they're still big enough to be comfortable and are decorated very nicely .
The rooms were nice, very comfy bed and very clean bathroom .
Yes, the rooms aren't that big, but after deciding that our main goal was to find a nice clean hotel close to Fisherman's wharf and near a lot of the public transportation, it was a perfect choice for us .
The rooms were a decent size for a city hotel and were very clean and well serviced .
The only other negative and its a small one, was the size of the rooms,they are tiny but were cleaned well and were ready when we returned every day .
The bed was comfortable and the rooms and bathrooms were kept clean and although the refrigerators are honour bars the hotel is happy for you to chill your own drinks in them .
Very comfortable beds and rooms ,  nice decor !
The hotel is newly decorated and rooms are a nice size, extremely new and clean .
The rooms were clean, nicely decorated, and comfortable .
Great place to stay ,  very clean and confortable rooms and helpful staff .
The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful,  very pleasant to deal with .
The hotel was nicely decorated and so too were the rooms .
Rooms are small but tastefully done, very clean and the staff friendly and helpful .
Though small, the rooms were clean and nicely decorated .
the hotel itself is very nice with the rooms large and comfortable .
The rooms are pretty standard size, were nice and clean, and comfortable .
The rooms are small but very clean, charmingly decorated with a view of the little flowered courtyard, comfy beds, plenty of pillows   towels and smiling service .
The rooms are comfortable, clean and nicely furnished .
The rooms were clean and nicely decorated .
Got to hotel, disappointed in the incredibly small rooms, but location is great .
Apart from that, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were very comfortable .
the rooms are small but very nice .
Rooms were a bit small but very clean and nicely maintained .
The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the location was convenient .
The price was great, the staff was awesome, and the rooms were clean .
The service is always great and the rooms very clean .