 Great Location ,  Nice   Rooms ,  Helpless Concierge
 The rooms were bright, clean and the windows open . The rooms were nice, very comfy bed and very clean bathroom . The rooms were clean and updated, the beds were comfortable, and the bellman service was fast and efficient . The rooms were smallish and could get a little damp if you didn't keep the air conditioning unit on, but the beds were comfortable, and the courtyard, view room we had was very quiet . Yes, the rooms aren't that big, but after deciding that our main goal was to find a nice clean hotel close to Fisherman's wharf and near a lot of the public transportation, it was a perfect choice for us . A normal size hotel room compared to other hotel rooms we have stayed in, besides we didn't spend much time in the room when there is so much to do around San Francisco . The only other negative and its a small one, was the size of the rooms, they are tiny but were cleaned well and were ready when we returned every day . The rooms were very nice, clean and comfortable . The rooms were nice, comfortable, and clean . Great rooms  great staff  great hotel
 The hotel had nIce, well, decorated, fairly, modern rooms . Excellent location friendly staff clean and pleasant rooms
I was forwarned to expect small rooms, but I thought the Tuscan Inn had rooms typical or even generous for an urban hotel , exceeded my expectations . we found a friendly staff through out the hotel great location, rooms were small but as pointed out to me all land is prime in the area and all places have small rooms . The beds very comfortable, rooms tastefully decorated and were very clean and comfortable . Currently   they are remodeling some rooms on the upper floors, and there is considerable construction noise in some areas that started after 9 :
 I am so dispapointed that I can't remember what room # it was becasue apparantly after reading other reviews, there are some newer and nicer rooms . The hotel was clean, quiet, large rooms and very close to the Wharf and local restaurants . Rooms were a bit small and appear to be older construction, rooms facing the road are a bit noisey at AM rush hour so we requested to be moved to the courtyard side which was a good move . The travel agent booked this hotel and this was the only hotel out of 10 that I did not book myself although hotel sounded ok This was part of the deal for the airfares  Location is excellent , Rooms Ok Staff variable some very helpful others not so  . The hotel is newly decorated and rooms are a nice size, extremely new and clean . This hotel offers clean, well, kept rooms which are good value for money . The rooms were clean, nicely decorated, and comfortable . Great place to stay ,  very clean and confortable rooms and helpful staff . I would recommend this hotel as a good base for a short break to San Fran ,  the hotel rooms weren't the biggest so a longer stay might not be as enjoyable
 I asked the desk clerk when we checked in if the rooms were as small as they said they were in the reviews . The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful,  very pleasant to deal with . In our opinion, a bit of faux Italian décor, some nice throw pillows on the bed and smaller than average rooms doesn’t really stretch to “European, style Boutique Hotel” . Upon arriving late through no fault of our own and finding our room double booked we were put up in a nearby sister hotel   until our room was ready the next day and they give us a complimentary bottle of champagne ,  after this though there were no more snags and everything went great ,  hotel staff friendly and helpful ,  rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable ,  food in the restaurant fabulous ,  the situation of the hotel was very convenient ,  just a few mins walk from fishermans wharf with a public transport stop, supermarket, small shops, bars and cafes also really close at hand ,  approx 10 mins walking distance for ferries to alcatraz and bay cruise, etc ,  would definitely stop here again
 Rooms good, decor very well done in Italian style Tuscan ! We were both delighted with the friendly staff, clean rooms and very convenient location . Rooms are small but tastefully done, very clean and the staff friendly and helpful . Nice rooms, a bit on the smaller side, but parking right at the hotel . Though small, the rooms were clean and nicely decorated . The rooms are pretty standard size, were nice and clean, and comfortable . Although the rooms were clean and fresh, one of ours had several small problems ,  the phone didn't work, the bathroom door handle was quite loose, and the thermostat didn't work properly . It represents value for money, the rooms and bathrooms were impeccably clean, fresh linen daily, and the staff extremely helpful and friendly . The rooms are small but very clean, charmingly decorated with a view of the little flowered courtyard, comfy beds, plenty of pillows   towels and smiling service . The rooms are comfortable, clean and nicely furnished . The rooms were very nice ,  it wasn't the usual beige hotel room which made a nice change . Got to hotel, disappointed in the incredibly small rooms, but location is great . Asked next morning ,  still told we couldn't empty them ,  offered to pull up website on our laptop which still showed that fridges came with rooms but they didn't want to see it ,  they just wanted to say that there rooms never had fridges and didn't know why BW advertised that they did . It is in a great location, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the managers wine hour is a welcome bonus . The reasonable price of the hotel allowed us to book 2 rooms, thus giving the 4 of us a bit more space and 2 bathrooms   . Apart from that, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were very comfortable . the rooms are very clean and are charmingly appointed  the staff could not be friendlier, and they knock themselves out to make guests feel welcome . Not the best place to be with kids, , smallish rooms, overpriced restaurant   and no pool, but I would stay there again if it were only the 2 of us . The room was clean, warm and comfortable but don't expect a great view from any of the rooms . I agree with other reviews that the rooms were on the smaller side, but we thought the hotel was great overall . The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the location was convenient . Clean and well, appointed rooms were a bit smallish for a family of four,  , but as one previous reviewer indicated, we spent most of our time out and about . The hotel was of a good standard, big clean rooms, decent bathroom and the free wine reception in the evening was an added bonus .