 We arrived at 23, 30 hours and they could not recommend a restaurant so we decided to go to Tesco, with very limited choices but when you are hingry you do not careNext day they rang the bell at 8, 00 hours to clean the room, not being very nice being waken up so earlyEvery day they gave us a candy bar and two bottlets of water whic is a very nice touch . We had a room with two double beds which was surprisingly roomy, considering the small hotel rooms I have in previous trips to London . The room was quiet, clean, the bed and pillows were comfortable, and the service was adequate . The bed was perfectly comfortable, I had ample desk space for my work and my bathroom was much bigger than I expected . My friends were given a two bed room which was considerably smaller but, like mine, was clean and stocked with the necessities . Rooms in the hotel are very small, as is the double bed . The bedroom, although recently upgraded with a new bed   had wall paper that was unstuck at the seams throughout the room and the rest of the furniture appeared the quality of a budget hotel brand ,  the TV was an outdated model . But I really liked the hotel ,  the rooms were decently sized, there was a nice bank of lifts in the lobby, and again, the staff was friendly, which goes a long way when you've just got off a ten hour flight . I have experience with the small size of some European hotels, but this hotel room was the smallest I have encountered . firm, comfortable beds  windows that open  adequate mirrors  clothes drying line across bathtub  sinks and showers drained properly  stopper in sink sealed, which was good because we did our own laundry  night shades overlapped the window and each other enough to keep light out  mini, bar refrigerator ran quietly  free newspapers daily in elevator waiting areas  in, room safe  American sized wash cloths  all lights worked  enough electrical outlets  enough hangers  central air conditioning which worked and ran quietly  adequate elevators  no toilet problems  shower curtains sealed water from leaking onto the floor  anti, slip surface on bathtub shower  exhaust system in bathroom removed condensation from shower  always enough hot water in shower . Our room rate included two full breakfasts, free bottled water and Kitkat candy bars each day and was very competitive with the rates at other hotels we considered . We stayed at the beginning and end of our trip, and both times our double room was clean, comfortable, and a good size . My room was very clean, bed was comfy and always made by the time I arrived back each day . Room size is fine as of European standard, it's clean and tidy . It is a great location, the rooms are a bit basic, but clean and we actually got a pretty good view this time . The breakfast room is  cattle market  like with queues for tables and at the servery, and we were led to tables that werent free more than onceThe decor is also fairly dated, with a 1970s feel to some of the public areas ,  the lounge bar has the ability to be good but is often used as a waiting area by people, occupying tables without having a drink, and doesnt work as some bars in lobby areas do at other hotels ,  the main bar is like a pub, and doesnt feel like part of the hotel . The room size was as expected, bigger then hotels in south beach, yet smaller then some resorts in the caribbean ,  however that being said, the room size is more than enough and we had several pieces of luggage in the room . Standard rooms in this hotel fall far short of usual London four, star standard ,  they are small, have no safe, pants press or other amenities usually provided . check, in was quick, staff was helpful and rooms were clean  just to be very picky on details, restroom looked like it might have needed some refurbishment sometimes in the near future and also there wasn't actually much spare space in the room, but I assume it wouldn't have been much better in other hotels in London . The room is very clean and modern, everyday it was cleaned and fresh towels were given even when we didnt put them on the floor . Staff were very pleasant , especially the breakfast staff  Rooms were not particularly spacious but were clean and adequate, bathroom was modern but shower was not very powerful . The website offers a standard room for less money, but we were told by the hotel that the only way to be guaranteed a non, smoking room was to upgrade to a King, so we paid extra . Now my room was clean, comfortable and the equipment all worked as it should but if this was an executive room then I would hate to have stayed in a standard room . Room ,  clean, good size, everything you need is in the room including the coolerLocation ,  within every attractions, short walk or you can take the double decker just across the street . From the time we booked Holiday Inn Forum Kensington I was overcharged some 200 GBP on the fee I was quoted and had some considerable trouble getting this rectified by Holiday Inns central booking officeWhen arriving at hotel in room safe   bar fridge as quoted were not supplied   when I questioned reception they said can't supply a safe but will send fridge up which they did, but for all the good it was with fixed thermostat the drinks we put in it would have stayed cooler outside the fridge . Nice clean rooms, good value, and average location near a tube station, but the rooms directing towards the main street outside are all VERY noisy . 30 minutes later we were allocated a room, which was very small for three people, we then discoverd that the bed for my grandson had not been made up, nor was there any extra bedding in the room . For our purposes, the hotel was perfectly adequate ,  the location was good and the room was clean and quiet . We arrived at the hotel 2 hours before check in, and were delighted when we were offered a free upgrade to a kingsize room, although this was a smoking room, there wasn't too bad a smell, and we just opened the windows . The room itself was small, though clean and well appointed with a complimentary bottle of wine and water . The room was very small   but clean, modern and comfortable . The room we were given was small, poorly funished   it had the smallest bathroom we have ever had in an hotel and the traffic noise went on from about 06 :
 My room was a typical London size i . My room was clean, although since I only stayed one night I cannot comment about ongoing housekeeping . We booked direct on the hotel website and paid 75 pounds per room per night, which is extremely good for London and for the quality of the rooms . As expected, the room was smaller than the usual American hotel, but clean   quiet with fairly new furnishings . The room's refrigerator allowed us to cover several breakfasts   snacks by shopping at the convenience grocery store that was also just a block away, so we skipped the hotel's breakfast . But the room is as I have previously mentioned rather small ,  see the photos, literally just enough room to walk between the bed and the dressing table desk, but so long as you are not intending to spend much time in there you will be OK . Service was friendly, our room was on the highest floor  , but that wasn't a problem because of the lifts, and we had a great view of the city from the room . Instead of an executive room with a king bed and a wonderful breakfast each day at the MG, this trip we paid more to stay at this Holiday Inn and definitely had fewer and less posh amenities . The room was as expected for a Holiday Inn, cute little fridge with lots of goodies, a teapot, comfortable beds, clean, neatly renovated bathroom, plenty of hot water, overall pleasant . Our room was very clean, although a bit small  . Hotel was able to give us a two bed non, smoking room which is exactly what we wanted . My room was clean with tea and coffee making facilities, but there was wallpaper coming away from the walls and there was no cover on the bed, simply a duvet in a white sheet . The room was still small with barely enough room between the bed and dressing table but it did have a sofa and complementary half bottle of wine, fruit juice, water, and chocolate bar at the hotels prices this would of cost of over £20 ,  Chocolate bar is £3 . The hotel itself is in need of an upgrade, its getting a bit tired, but saying that, the room was clean . The bathroom is bright and clean, with a modern tub and good water pressure . I appreciate that we had a large room so it's difficult for me to comment on comfort of the standard room's, however, the mentality we have is we'd rather spend time exploring, so the size of the room isn't necessarily important . Another word of warning when booking through the Holiday Inn website ,  VAT was NOT included in the price at the time of booking until you actually processed the booking and paid for the room ,  this is apparently now normal for many London hotels which I'd never experienced before ,  we ended up paying £17 more per night than I'd expected . Yes, the standard rooms are small for two people   and, yes, they seem to have a lot of trainee staff at the front desk, who struggle sometimes with the language, and yes some of the rooms are affected by traffic noise, but for a good location and a no, frills room provider, it is hard to beat . Despite its size, and the fact that there are over 20 floors of bedrooms, lift service was never slow, and the breakfast operation   is exceptionally well, managed . Check in was prompt, and the room clean and tidy, a bit small, but this is central London . The room itself was very clean, the bathroom was small but immaculate . Overall, we found the hotel only good for location and decent room if somewhat cold just like the weather was in London then . The room was clean and , by London standards, decently sized . No other problems ,  the room was clean, the bed was comfortable and everything in the room worked . The room was a typical Holiday Inn effort but I have to commend the cleanliness ,  nothing broken, damaged or grimey and the bathroom smelt fresh . Small, with soft beds the room served well for the night we stayed and the card controlled lift access was a nice feature which made the hotel feel more secure . good size considered it is in london, comfy double bed, clean in room, tea coffee choc making facilities, hairdryer under desk, old tv, toilet facilities was disgusting, long curly black hair in bathtub, big black pubic hair tangled in hand towel, disgusting yellow scum stick on toilet seat, dove shampoo bottle near bathtub and dove cream cleanser bottle near hand basic were both empty, cheap plastic canteen cups on wash basin, only one tiny hand soap, NO supply of essential basic vanity kits   only available if ask, cheap standard chain hotel decor, room was quiet, did not hear anything from the street, but doors closed loudly from nearby rooms on the corridor . In all, as with many Holiday Inns hotels worldwide, affordable with good rooms and customer service but there is always one or two issues that keep this chain from being a affordable and good place to stay . As others have mentioned, the room is small, a bit bigger than a room on a cruise ship, but it’s immaculate, has a small refrigerator, and has a well appointed bathroom with vanity and full tub and shower . Although smaller rooms are expected in Europe, the room with 3 beds in this hotel is considerably smaller than most standard size US hotel rooms . Comfortable room with large bed but limited space as is often the case with London hotels, but I found the location excellent . There was quite obviously a large choice of rooms available and the female check in receptionist managed to find me a non, smoking twin room with a view of london no problem   all the way over to what I assume to be Hammersmith . that there didn't really seem to be a functioning air vent in our bathroom so it was a bit of a sauna after you used the shower, and 2 . Room was very modern and clean, too, and everything worked bar the kettle which was replaced with a brand new one in 15 minutes . 90 otherwise if you pay in The Forum room on the first floor until we'd been there a day or two  slightly patchy face cloth supply, the one time no, one in maintenance or reception would answer the phone, and the biggie ,  despite the warmest London autumn on record, the a c was switched off   and the room was always too hot . The view was good to the south and the room was surprisingly large, with a small refrigerator, desk, TB and double bed . The room was small, but very clean, and the bathroom spotless . ,  very clean,  quiet,  bathrooms appear to have been updated recentlyThe hotel location is great . That's a good price even though the room was tiny, however, when it came to the continental breakfast, the hotel would not permit us to partake of same, telling us that because we reserved through Hotwire, we were ineligible for the breakfast . Because of the room size, the lack of continental breakfast for those who reserve outside of the Holiday Inn web site, and the distance to many attractions, we WILL NOT STAY in the hotel during our next trip to London . Other than that, our stay was uneventful and the room was clean, if a bit small . The bathroom was also small, and the water pressure in the shower was not great . The room was much larger than expected with a huge comfortable bed, desk, sofa and ample bathroom . In conclusion, rooms were small but clean, internet charge was expensive   and reception staff booking system was hopeless . It was clean, the maids were fantastic, our room was surprisingly large  , and the beds were comfortable . But the room was clean, the bathroom was modern with tub and shower and all the hot water we wanted and there was a hairdryer . The bathrooms are basic with soap dispensers reminiscent of a gym, but were uniquely clean without dirty corners even to a critical eye . Hotel rooms are expensive in London so if you want something convenient, cheapish and near to a Tube this is ideal but be wary of the fact that this is a massive hotel and there will be queues for breakfast, check in, etc . It is very close to Gloucester Rd tube station, has plenty of restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, chemists within 100 yds, is close to Hyde park for a run walk in summer, near Kensington High street, rooms are always clean and have recently been refurbed, room service menu is better than other hotel chains, breakfast is good . My room was clean and well furnished, with a a comfortable 5ft bed . b basis Hotel huge ,  900 rooms Buffet breakfast good for a buffet This is a well run hotel with a great location for the metro  Rooms a bit on the small side but I would stay again
 My room was very clean and the tube was close by . Executive room was clean and of a reasonable size, however the bathroom was one of the smallest I have ever seen . Yes, the room was smaller than we Americans are used to and expect, but was about average in size for European hotels . I'll admit that it was a bit confusing at first to have to use the room key to turn on the lights and select a floor on the elevator, but it wasn't a big imposition ,  again it was just different from what Americans expect . face it, London is very expensive, and rooms are not up to US standards  This hotel is PERFECT for the American that wants a clean, comfortable, reliable room without spending a fortune . Our room smelled fresh and clean the beds were comfortable,  which is a lot coming from me as I have a spine condition . The bathroom was BRANDNEW and so clean that I even bathed in the tub, which ordinarily I would not do at a hotel . We found the hotel rooms to be very clean, especially the recently refurbished bathrooms . The bathroom was the smallest I've ever seen, but did include a full, size tub shower combination . The room was small by American standards but comfortably furnished, all new infact, a pull out sofa the size of a love seat and two twin beds . The room was large for a London hotel with a great bathroom ,  nice tub and great shower . The room, although clean, was extremely small, for American standards . My wife adds the bathroom was very clean, with nice towels and hot water every day . This is a 900 room hotel so can get busy at times in the lobby but the staff, standard of the rooms and other facilities are geared up to cater for this . The hotel itself is very clean and the rooms were comfortable, the staff are very friendly and helpful and the check in desk was always well staffed so it only took 2 minutes to check in and out . Everything worked well, was in good condition and the room was quiet in spite of the hotel's busy location . When I arrived in my room with two small children the previous occupier had left unused medicine in the mini bar, this took until the following evening to get someone to remove this . Also when we booked the hotel we were told we would have a double bed and a single bed but at check in were told we had a fold down bed that when folded down stopped my daughter and myself from using the bathroom, the only way was to climb over the bed .