The room was quiet, clean, the bed and pillows were comfortable, and the service was adequate .
But I really liked the hotel ,  the rooms were decently sized, there was a nice bank of lifts in the lobby, and again, the staff was friendly, which goes a long way when you've just got off a ten hour flight .
The double room is small as in most of London and only one person can walk by the bed at a time .
firm, comfortable beds  windows that open  adequate mirrors  clothes drying line across bathtub  sinks and showers drained properly  stopper in sink sealed, which was good because we did our own laundry  night shades overlapped the window and each other enough to keep light out  mini, bar refrigerator ran quietly  free newspapers daily in elevator waiting areas  in, room safe  American sized wash cloths  all lights worked  enough electrical outlets  enough hangers  central air conditioning which worked and ran quietly  adequate elevators  no toilet problems  shower curtains sealed water from leaking onto the floor  anti, slip surface on bathtub shower  exhaust system in bathroom removed condensation from shower  always enough hot water in shower .
We stayed at the beginning and end of our trip, and both times our double room was clean, comfortable, and a good size .
My room was good size for European standards, and had recently been overhauled and included hair dryer, fridge, and air conditioning .
Room size is fine as of European standard, it's clean and tidy .
It is a great location, the rooms are a bit basic, but clean and we actually got a pretty good view this time .
The room was nice size with a small but adequate bathroom .
Staff were very pleasant , especially the breakfast staff  Rooms were not particularly spacious but were clean and adequate, bathroom was modern but shower was not very powerful .
Rooms are clean and good size by English standards .
OK, the rooms are a bit on the small side, and it's a tad noisy generally of an evening, but what do you expect from a large hotel slap bang in the middle of one of the main arterial routes into London ?
For our purposes, the hotel was perfectly adequate ,  the location was good and the room was clean and quiet .
Our room was clean, though small, the service was great, and we would stay here again in a heartbeat !
The room was very small   but clean, modern and comfortable .
The hotel room was very clean and housekeeping made up my daughter's bed five minutes after phoning reception .
The room we were given was small, poorly funished   it had the smallest bathroom we have ever had in an hotel and the traffic noise went on from about 06 :
As expected, the room was smaller than the usual American hotel, but clean   quiet with fairly new furnishings .
Small rooms but mine was clean and a lovelycomfy bed .
The room was spotlessly clean and in good repair and also being a light sleeper i found it to be very quiet considering the hotel was so large .
The room was as expected for a Holiday Inn, cute little fridge with lots of goodies, a teapot, comfortable beds, clean, neatly renovated bathroom, plenty of hot water, overall pleasant .
Our room was very clean, although a bit small  .
The hotel itself is in need of an upgrade, its getting a bit tired, but saying that, the room was clean .
Another word of warning when booking through the Holiday Inn website ,  VAT was NOT included in the price at the time of booking until you actually processed the booking and paid for the room ,  this is apparently now normal for many London hotels which I'd never experienced before ,  we ended up paying £17 more per night than I'd expected .
Check in was prompt, and the room clean and tidy, a bit small, but this is central London .
The room itself was very clean, the bathroom was small but immaculate .
The room was clean and , by London standards, decently sized .
Small, with soft beds the room served well for the night we stayed and the card controlled lift access was a nice feature which made the hotel feel more secure .
The bathroom in our room was immaculately clean .
The room was small, but clean .
Comfortable room with large bed but limited space as is often the case with London hotels, but I found the location excellent .
The view was good to the south and the room was surprisingly large, with a small refrigerator, desk, TB and double bed .
The room was small, but very clean, and the bathroom spotless .
The room was quite small but it was about the size that I expect from hotels in London and it didn't really bother us .
Other than that, our stay was uneventful and the room was clean, if a bit small .
The room was clean and comfortable if a bit on the small side .
Although the room was small, it was comfortable and clean, , especially the pillows and king size bed !
The room was much larger than expected with a huge comfortable bed, desk, sofa and ample bathroom .
But the room was clean, the bathroom was modern with tub and shower and all the hot water we wanted and there was a hairdryer .
The rooms were clean and the bed seemed that it is due for changing but other than that it was fine .
The room was a good size, with comfortable beds, and the bathroom was larger than most london hotels with good shower gels and shampoo on hand !
While the room is small what does one expect for less than $200 night in London ?
Our room was large in size and clean and well kept .
My room was clean and well furnished, with a a comfortable 5ft bed .
The room was small but very clean and modern .
Room was a nice size,clean and modern .
Executive room was clean and of a reasonable size, however the bathroom was one of the smallest I have ever seen .
The room was very clean, and the beds were comfortable .
Room size is fine and bathroom is good .
We found the hotel rooms to be very clean, especially the recently refurbished bathrooms .
The rooms were very clean and the bathroom was good for a London hotel .
The room was large for a London hotel with a great bathroom ,  nice tub and great shower .
The room is quite large, very clean with beautiful view over London .
The room, although clean, was extremely small, for American standards .
The room is a tad small but is super clean and great location .
The room was very comfortable, clean, and rather roomy for European standards .
This is a great hotel, nice rooms, not too big but this is not a problem .