 The light weight, the battery life, the keyboard, the non, protruding removable battery, the bright screen, the track pad disable button and general ease of use makes it hard to beat . If money is your leading consideration, then one of these may be for you, but for just a bit more money you get a much better screen, better battery life, bigger drive, more upgradeable, etc . But with screen brightness cranked up, bluetooth & wi, fi in constant use, some video playback  , and internet radio running, I'm getting a good 8
 With wi, fi off & the screen dimmed, I don't think I'll have a problem getting the stated 10 . The keyboard is not quite perfect, the screen doesn't tilt back as far as I'd like, slightly higher resolution in the screen would be nice a new model not yet available in the U . It won't give you all the functionality of a full, sized laptop, and the small screen may take some getting used to, but no regular laptop gives you this kind of battery life, and most of the functions absent here aren't used by most people most of the time anyway, so if the tradeoff is fewer features for greatly, increased battery life, I'll take the latter . heavy rearward weight bias so much that it wants to fall backwards  with the screen pushed back all the way
 the screen is STUNNING, and if you've got a bright light shining down on it, you've got a choice :
 you can either move the screen to eliminate the glare, or move the lamp . And if you can't wait to twist yourself into some contortion in bed where you need the screen to go back further than reasonable, you can always invest in one of those $20 lap desks ,  you know, the kind with the beanbag bottom, so that you can shift the desk into whatever ridiculous position will suit your fancy . ,  don't know why they use the screen size most do ,  1024 x 600 seems cramped
 Takes sometime to get use to the small screen . The battery life is excellent, with normal usage I can get about 7 hours easily, more if I turn off WIFI and turn down the screen brightness . One of the downside I have noticed is that the netbook is heavy near the hinge because that's where the battery is located and if you want to put it on your lap while sitting, you have to put your hand on the bottom chassis so that the netbook doesn't tip over, and the screen doesn't bend all the way backwards which can be annoy, otherwise this is a really nice netbook . Great battery life, decent sized screen, and the keyboard was large enough to be comfortable to type on . although the screen is relatively small to my eyes   it wasn't really hard to get used to the size and the screen is clear and bright, no prob reading articles and writing essays . With 1GB of RAM, it really isn't TOO bad to try to run Photoshop or something either  , but the screen would be too small for something like that anyhow . The 1024x600 screen can be set, if you wish, so that it is a 1024x600 viewport to a larger 1024x768 desktop, reachable by moving the mouse to the screen edge . Due to the size of netbooks and a wide screen format, the screen should have been designed to be able to rotate all the way back to inline with the keyboard . The 10, inch screen is bright and has good color, and the keyboard is only slightly smaller than a regular one . It boots up quickly, especially after getting rid of the extra asus software that auto, boots at startup, its battery life is phenomenal, the screen is clear and easy to read, the keyboard is comfortable to type on and feels natural . But even with that, and the glossy screen, fingerprint magnet, limited screen tilt, tinny speakers, and intermittent odd glitches, I still think it's a great value and would buy it again today if I were on the market for a netbook . Instead I convert DVDs to DVIX AVI files using Fair Use Wizard and load them on to memory slot card and they play great, 700mb files look fine on this size of screen . Yes it does take some getting use to a smaller screen, the key board actually works better than my laptop though  . I was worried the screen size would be too small and uncomfortable to read, but it has been great for everything I run :
 Most of my professors teach from Power Points, and it makes my life so much simpler having the PPT on my screen that I can annotate while listening to the lecture . This machine is plenty fast, it's just that if I try to do work with it ,  my office's order entry system as displayed on the netbook screen must be scrolled up and down since it's a  chopped  1024 x 600 height screen, instead of the more usual 786 . One hint ,  there's a setting that lets you  compress  the screen which makes everything smaller and allows you to fit more on the screen . I mostly find that when I make typos, it's not because of the keyboard, it's because of the smallness of the screen, , I just can't see what I'm doing as well as a laptop .