The light weight, the battery life, the keyboard, the non, protruding removable battery, the bright screen, the track pad disable button and general ease of use makes it hard to beat .
But with screen brightness cranked up, bluetooth & wi, fi in constant use, some video playback  , and internet radio running, I'm getting a good 8
The touchpad feels great, the boot up was fast, keyboard feels comfortable, and the screen is good .
It won't give you all the functionality of a full, sized laptop, and the small screen may take some getting used to, but no regular laptop gives you this kind of battery life, and most of the functions absent here aren't used by most people most of the time anyway, so if the tradeoff is fewer features for greatly, increased battery life, I'll take the latter .
Long battery life, sharp looking machine, fingerprint magnet,glossy screen=glare,ease of use and portability .
The battery life is excellent, with normal usage I can get about 7 hours easily, more if I turn off WIFI and turn down the screen brightness .
Great battery life, decent sized screen, and the keyboard was large enough to be comfortable to type on .
The battery life has been very good, especially if you follow the rule of turning off the wireless and bluetooth, and turning down the screen brightness .
The screen is small but still large enough to read comfortably   .
only 10, inch screen, small keyboard and no CD, ROM .
I have not done an actual test of the full battery life but from what iv seen in general use it has around 9 hours while running wifi and other applications with around half screen brightness .
The 10, inch screen is bright and has good color, and the keyboard is only slightly smaller than a regular one .
I was worried the screen size would be too small and uncomfortable to read, but it has been great for everything I run :
The keyboard is great and the screen looks good .
For this extra amount, I was looking for the larger screen, the longer battery life and the keyboard ergonomics .
I have more productivity  flow  on a conventional laptop with a full sized screen and keyboard .
I mostly find that when I make typos, it's not because of the keyboard, it's because of the smallness of the screen, , I just can't see what I'm doing as well as a laptop .