 It looks great, is easy to handle, the screen is a good size and nice and clear, and the controls are very sensitive to the touch . 5G lies a more mature iPod, many steps wiser and more able than its one, year, old  The iPod gains many incremental improvements, including a brighter screen and better video battery life, but probably the most appealing aspect is the tantalizing price points of $249 for the 30GB version and $349 for the huge 80GB version   . video, motion sensing, screen size and sllek look  I recently upgraded from the 2nd generation Nano and love the new features of the newest model . Easy to use  This new iPod is easy to use, has great features like a radio, and a nice screen . The video camera is great and the screen size is a nice size
 does do much in a very tiny space, bigger screen, , more features than previous models  . i couldnt think of a single thing  this ipod is reallly great you can shoot videos listen to the radio plus you have 16 gigs of memory it is aweosme i really love it because its still as small as the last one only with a bigger screen and great color
 slim, size, vedio camera, screen clarity, photo playing mode  . What's more, even if I cut a long essay into chips with 5k binary limit for each one, some of them may still be unreadable through the note reader since the wheel just simply doesn't work out to scroll the screen down . Very easy to use, love the pedometer, lightweight, thin, nice screen, great sound, battery lasts much longer than stated  . but I'm really disappointed they didn't keep the same finish as last year's matte finish, last year's model never got fingerprints, except on the screen itself, and looked new at all times . Nice size screen, good speakers for size, great new features, tons of colors to choose from, easy to use . Video is impressive, speaker sound is good for size, easy menus, screen is big enough to watch movies . Small size and Color, Gettin your Money's worth, nice screen, and video camera  . The mic and camera are great, speaker is great for video playback or bedtime movie watching, the screen is now even bigger and the device is the same size but Lighter than the 4th gen nano ! It's small and lightweight, it looks amazing, the video quality is way better than I ever imagined it would be, and the screen is huge .