 Display is excellent ,  the layout of information on the screen is very good showing upcoming turns at the top, your speed, the local speed limit and the estimated time of arrival at the bottom . Another screen at the touch of the button will show you the turn by turn directions coming up so that you can plan even better, especially in areas that you have just enough familiarity to be considered dangerous . ,  255w has an arrow at the top of the screen that shows the direction of the next turn . Other than the Magellan's screen being an inch smaller ,  but really noticeable ,  the Magellan did not have text to voice, and often would take a much longer route even though we told it to take freeways . The most noticeable thing is that the screen is much easier to read, and that the text to voice is extremely valuable and much better than a beep just as you need to turn . On the other hand, after about a week of using the Garmin, it seems to understand where we are, and now POIs as far as 25 miles away will show up when the screen is touched . > Better screen touch sensitivity
> More responsive that my old 760  , plus a better looking screen
 The home screen shows four options :
 Any time you are viewing the map, you can zoom in or out by tapping the appropriate icon located on the top right of the screen . I have noticed that when I see a speed limit sign on the road, indicating a change of speed limit for that road, the Nuvi is not far behind in changing the speed limit on the screen . So, although the Nuvi doesn't verbalize those directions, I can look at the screen to see the exit I need to take . I use the suction cup mount because I like to keep the screen in my frame of vision without turning my head, but I make sure to take it with me when I park my car . 1 Wanted a wide screen model, its difficult to see the 4 
4 It has built in picture viewer and a card slot, so insert your memory card, browse to picture browser and you don't need a PC, has enough big screen to enjoy
 Its for wide screen models and it fits perfectly my 255w with a flap that covers it screen . These gadgets have sensitive touchscreen menus, and I think the fact that I didn't protect the screen on my last GPS is the reason it died after only 14 months . Not only the voice gives turn, by, turn instructions, the map on the screen also has a thick purple line indicating the route ahead . The Voice Prompted turn by turn directions make it easy to get from one place to another without having to look up at the GPS, but of course you also get turn, by, turn directions on the GPS with a touch of the screen . 3 wide screen also   speak out the streets name and tells you when or how far to turn
,  Also very quick and I mean quick reroute when you miss a turn plus smooth update position when moving, not choppy on the screen . ,  EASY to read day or night you can also adjust the screen brightness
 One down side is the lack of volume button on the unit you have to adjust the volume form the tool menu on the screen which can be a challenge if you want to change the volume when you are driving . After lots of internet research, we settled on the Garmin 255W for the text, to, speech and wide screen features . After ample research   I selected the Nuvi 255W for it's abundant features, wider screen and voice communication . I've only used the wide screen versions, so I can't compare, but I personally wouldn't want to go to a smaller screen .