 I'm very sad ,  I loved my daughter's Civic and the dealer service is fantastic, but even good service can't help the uncomfortable seats . Although it is fun to drive and quality seems ok, the leather seats are very uncomfortable, especially on a long drive . The interior quality is OK, my 1999 Accord EX had a better comfort level on the seats . Only needs to add drivers seat memory, 2, tone perforated leather, xenons, rear seat interior illumination mounted under front seats, and better tilt . Engine performance lacks punch after 60, head rest are poor design, lacks driver seat memory rear seat a c, radio system is marginal compared to Bose, Seats are hard and small for a large person . Seats are firm but not uncomfortable ,  very BMW like . The only for sure complaint I have is the seats seems to hurt my back after I drove for a period of time, this may be because I am use to my silverado truck with leather bucket seats . DON'T rely on your test drive, the seats are Very uncomfortable and when the engine goes into the  econo  mode the vehicle  shifts rocks violently  forward and when leaving the  econo  mode it shifts rocks forward once again which means that the vehicle is  CONTINUOUSLY  SHAKING AND ROCKING . The front seats are extremely uncomfortable after anything more than 15 minutes of driving due to what I see as a design flaw, the seat curvature is too great, and even with the lumbar support all the way retracted, it still feels like there is some type of bar sticking out in the wrong part of my back   . However, long, distance comfort  is poor due to hard, narrow and deeply, bucketed seats combined with a very taut suspension which transmits even minor road imperfections through the whole vehicle . At first the seats seemed stiffer than I'd like, but after making a 2 1 2 hour trip, It felt very comfortable once I got the seat and lumbar adjusted to my liking . Also, amazing leg space in front AND back seats ,  the Accord could almost be considered a full size sedan . Don't get me wrong, the Accord is a comfortable car, I am just a big guy and the seats just feel like they could use a little more of something . Although it's a lower trim level, it has high quality interior trim  very comfortable seats  and and very smooth, quiet ride . With the leather seats, comfort is close to EX, L's at a  best buy  price .