 no robes in the rooms, ice machines are not on every floor  , no turn down service at night, and when housekeeping did come, they did not replace the shower gel we had used which was totally empty . Even with the amount we saved on the room, we could not justify spending the amount they listed for room service . Close to everything ,  underground eating, Michigan avenue shops ,  walking or short cabNegatives,  Room service expensive ,  ridiculously expensiveParking expensive ,  $52 per dayFitness center cost $15 per day
 I won't be staying here again until I hear that they have upgraded this service . The Palm resturant in the hotel had some specials Sunday night, we ate there and the food service, etc were outstanding portions are large and we shared since we are not big eaters . We had breakfast included with our hotel package and the buffet was very good and the service at Geneva was top notch, but I would never pay $26 for it . While the Swissotel may not have the super high end service and ammenities   that some of the top tier hotels have, it is a very nice hotel that I would have no problems recommending to anyone . The fitness center has good equipment, and room service arrives even faster than they predict in their estimates . The internet service is reliable and fast, and the desk in the room is large . I have in the past called Guest Services for the loan of a mini, fridge which was previously installed in the room with no problem  this time round, I was told there was a flat US$50 fee for this, irrespective of the duration of the stay . Too bad on several days, they were not able to service the room until late afternoon . My father and I were in town for four days from Los Angeles to catch a game at Wrigley Stadium, and the front desk and bar staff were all very friendly and accommodating, providing recommendations to us about the attractions, and transportation services . Overall, I think the Swissotel is a perfectly nice facility and I feel like we got a good deal but I would never consider paying full price to stay there as you can get the same amenities and service at lower rates elsewhere . $52 a night to park, read very carefully about the room service charges, swimming pool and internet charge in your room, and of course the mini bar . Guys won’t care, women may feel a little ill at ease, but could certainly call room service . He got our heavy bags inside, showed us around the room, explained about room service, etc . There’s a reason why it’s not the Holiday Inn and I’m assuming you stay there because of the amenities they offer and the service and location and views afforded and so no, you’re not going to pay corner diner prices at an upscale hotel . Mom didn’t want to walk too far at night, so after leaving Navy Pier   we came back to the room and I ordered room service for just the second time in my life . Ordering soup on room service will set you back around $20 
, with the tray charge, service charge and taxes making up the bulk of it . For the location and comfort of the new rooms, this is the perfect hotel, however come armed with your credit card as they appear to be funding the refurbishment through room service and mini bar charges, not to mention the room rates . rooms, service, location were top notch . no more bathrobes in corner rooms suites  coffee service in room is parred way down  the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful, although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish  check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor . 30 and they said we needed a voucher and mentioned nothing of room service, we did get the voucher and enjoyed a very good breakfast buffet in their 2nd restaurant, not the Palm like we were toldWhen we were checking out we asked why we got charged for the pool when it states the package comes with it and it says in their books in the room that its free . Room service was extortionate though, very very expensive, so we didnt bother, as food outlets a few minutes walk away . Concierge service from our experience was good from one but bad from another so if you don't get good help the first time you ask, just go ask again later when someone else is there . We had a tiny hiccup at first, , our room wasn't getting very cool despite putting the thermostat to 60F so I contacted guest services and they sent an engineer straightaway while we were sightseeing for the day . Also, they charge exorbitant prices for mini, bar items and room service meals, so be prepared for that . Beautiful view and bathroom, , , , terrible service and overall management . Room service, however, was prompt and good . stayed at swissotel for 5 nights ,  just myself and two children   all the staff could not have been more welcoming, the room service was prompt and efficient and not overly expensive . 3 We had an Executive Room which granted us access to the 42nd floor Executive Lounge with day, round complimentary beverage service   and pastries, and free Internet Access . The last remark in fact goes for the whole room, the cleaning service was perfect and the room recently renovated . We could not have been more pleased with the service, location, as well as the room and its view . On top of all of this, the concierge was so unhelpful and unknowledgeable that we called the W Hotel to use their services . In my eyes that is a step up from stealing because we did not utilize the mini bar, room service or the business center . Room service food quality was very good but with a $7 tray charge plus 20% service, I then absolutely refuse to tip for delivery . The staff was wonderful, our room was very comfortable with an amazing view of the Chicago River and Michigan Ave, Room service was superb   . the hotel was great, the service was wonderful and room service was quick . Ordered breakfast through room service, which was great and on, time . The bell service at the front door was nice, opening the door of the cab when we arrived and always saying hello when we were entering or leaving the hotel but the reception and concierge service was not as polite, often making us feel like we were troubling them for recommendations or when asking about buses and maps . Chicago is fantastic and i would recommend giordinos pizza  , we also did the chicago bus co tour, we paid fpr a 3 day pass which was worth the money because it is a hop on and off service and can be used to save your legs when you start to get tired . The room itself had worn carpets, some scratched furniture and leaky showerhead, butthe maid service was generally prompt and efficient . The rooms were comparable but I have to admit I loved the Fairmont service, especially the bellhops and front desk . The hotel is in a great location, the staff is friendly and very service, oriented . Got Swissotel for a very good price, but was a little anxious since some of the reviews on this site complained of slow elevator service, unhelpful staff, etc . If you are interested in going to Navy Pier, there is a free trolley service on the side of the Hyatt hotel, you can catch, just make sure it has the yellow star on the trolley . I would recommend this hotel, they gave great service even though we booked with [, , ] . Service at the front desk was very friendly and efficient while room, service breakfasts were quite good and delivered promptly . You'll pay hotel prices for breakfast, but the price was on par or slightly below breakfasts that we've had via room service at other hotels . Room service quality was great, but the prices were outrageous . Now on the side of the service andstaff, there is a real &quot snobbish&quot  attitude that isprobably related to the fact that the Swedish, Germanprogeny of Europe work at the hotel, except as luggagehandlers, toilet cleaners and car parkers . So, in all, I would definitely stay hereagain, even though the service stinks, the restaurantis for rich patrons with money to blow and the peopleare snobs, the rooms make up for it . Swissotel offered all the services extras I like , ,  lots of cabs, in, hotel bar, great views, room service, etc . Room service was efficient, average priced, and decent food . Great views, bathrooms  , and room service . I had a great experience here from the quality of the lobby, to the quality of the room, to the view, to the room service, to the food . While the rooms are quite nice, I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago . As for service issues, the concierge gave us erroneous info about the Navy Pier trolley  the maid failed to replace toiletries and towels, despite a $3 tip that had been left I normally tip $1, 2 per day and wait until the day we leave to tip the maid, but I decided to try something different this time since we were at a 4
 potential, but is probably in need of a renovation and some intense customer service training for its staff . Also, room service told me that I could not order scrambled eggs because it was after 11 AM . The hotel is advertised to have multiple restaurants, but that was not the case either , ,  other than room service the only option for dinner is The Palms restaurant which is very overpriced for the quality of the food . My family and I recently stayed in the Chicago hotel,   and I was so completely disappointed in both the room and the service that not only will I never stay in one of their facilities again, but I will certainly encourage all of my friends and family to do the same . , followed shortly thereafter by a knock and a housekeeper telling us our sign wasn't out  the hotel's extremely limited cable service    our housekeeper didn't refill replace our shampoo or shower gel our entire stay, nor did she empty all of our trash bins at any one time  our room service on two occasions brought us cold soggy, , and very late, , food  the lobby bar closes at 9 p . Great service, nice view, nice room . By the way, all housekeeping and room service requests are handled promptly . I cannot comment on room services, however the staff in the front desk were professional and helpful .