Overall, I think the Swissotel is a perfectly nice facility and I feel like we got a good deal but I would never consider paying full price to stay there as you can get the same amenities and service at lower rates elsewhere .
There’s a reason why it’s not the Holiday Inn and I’m assuming you stay there because of the amenities they offer and the service and location and views afforded and so no, you’re not going to pay corner diner prices at an upscale hotel .
For the location and comfort of the new rooms, this is the perfect hotel, however come armed with your credit card as they appear to be funding the refurbishment through room service and mini bar charges, not to mention the room rates .
The ideal location   coupled with great service and beautiful rooms makes for a wonder stay .
30 and they said we needed a voucher and mentioned nothing of room service, we did get the voucher and enjoyed a very good breakfast buffet in their 2nd restaurant, not the Palm like we were toldWhen we were checking out we asked why we got charged for the pool when it states the package comes with it and it says in their books in the room that its free .
The rooms are very nice , the location is excellent, but the service is Terrible !
I had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and room service .
stayed at swissotel for 5 nights ,  just myself and two children   all the staff could not have been more welcoming, the room service was prompt and efficient and not overly expensive .
We could not have been more pleased with the service, location, as well as the room and its view .
Room service was good and the staff extremely friendly .
Ordered breakfast through room service, which was great and on, time .
The hotel is in a great location, the staff is friendly and very service, oriented .
We ordered room service for late night ice cream and fruit and also breakfast and it was prompt and very excellent food .
Honestly, I would rate the service and location a three, the rooms a four, and the view a five !
Great views, bathrooms  , and room service .
I had a great experience here from the quality of the lobby, to the quality of the room, to the view, to the room service, to the food .
Beautiful hotel with great service and location .
This is a great hotel with no customer service focus .
Great service, nice view, nice room .