The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum is fine if you like large, impersonal hotels with mediocre service, overcrowded breakfast rooms and don't mind tired decor .
In London its often hard to find good location and good customer service in the same place ,  The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum did that for me and I couldn't ask for more .
It's rated 4, stars, but I also stayed at an equivalently rated Marriott while in London, and a 3, star Holiday Inn Express in Scotland, and the service and rooms were much better at the other locations .
Good Location New Room Bad Service  .
Service was a joke , ,  the  evening concierge  doubled as the day doorman and was not very knowledgeable about anything , ,  honestly, the last thing I want to hear when I ask about cool pubs to go to is  why don't you go to the bar in the hotel ?
If you need a hotel with services like access to a computer or a concierge who can do more than give directions and order full price tickets to events then don't stay here .
I would definitely stay here again for the location and the great customer service .
But there are much better hotels to choose from for the same price and at least you get some good service and respect from staff .
Our room was clean, though small, the service was great, and we would stay here again in a heartbeat !
I liked this hotel, Nice big room and very good customer service .
We were very pleased with the room, and the staff was all very nice and helpful, including the concierge service .
The buffet breakfast is ok although not the best I've had and usually includes a selection of fresh fruit as well as the usual 'full english' The food in the ground floor restaurant is good  I haven't had problems with room service although the menu has recently changed and doesn't have as good a selection as it did .
I would stay here again because in London it really is a value for the service and quality of room .
In all, as with many Holiday Inns hotels worldwide, affordable with good rooms and customer service but there is always one or two issues that keep this chain from being a affordable and good place to stay .
The hotel staff are very helpful and provided excellent service .
We used room service one night and it was excellent .
Service was great and the location of the hotel was very convenient   .