 This tuscan, themed hotel was charming, clean   comfortable and the complimentary concierge service was so helpful . Phenominal Service, great room, great location ,  couldn't have asked for more . So to sum up if your looking for somewhere to lay your head after a long day then this is the place for you if your looking for something a bit special with good customer service avoid this place like the plague
I did not take advantage of the concierge service, but I saw many people were receiving great service from them . Excellent Service ,  Great Location
 The staff and service were exceptional . The concierge can give discounts for booking city tours and for some restaurants, although we tried Neptune's which was recommended to us and felt it was overpriced for the service and quality . All the staff go the extra mile to assist in anyway they can and the staff of the ajoining Cafe Pescatore are just as welcoming, with great service and the food is excellent . I'd highly recommend the Tuscan Inn based on location, cheerfulness of staff, aesthetics in the room and general overall service . Excellent service great location good value
The staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful and whilst we did not avail his services, the concierge always seemed to be busy with guests giving info and advice . The highlight of this hotel for us was the service offered by the staff, particularly the two concierges on duty while we were there . Amenities ,  While this hotel isn't a luxury property, they have some nice touches like marble bathrooms, mini bar, room service and an evening wine reception every day   . Tuscan Inn has it all, exellant location, very close to public transport, very clean, impeccable, friendly service and a supermarket opposite . We found a great breakfast place just around the corner in Taylor St, called Darren's Cafe, good prices with excellant food and service . Did not eat at the restaurant, but room service was great . Overall, the stay at The Tuscan Inn was great and would highly recommend due to the room service . The restaurant in the hotel ,  Cafe Pescatore ,  does the breakfast run for room service, it was adequate but a little overpriced . However, there are countless restaurants of all sorts and price ranges within a 1, 4 block walk of this hotel, there is little reason to order room service . We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, we chose to eat at the IHOP around the corner for breakfast and it was good food and service, and they are open 24 hours . very good hotel ,  great location, concierge extremely helpful, decor is nice and the maid service was excellent   . Will store your luggage in separate room on your check out day if you have late flight, want to spend more time, Oldest Italian restaurant in the country w in walking distance, back east service, integrity, etc . The hotel is conveniently located to the shopping centre across the road, and we made use of this to purchase our breakfast requirements, as we had not had great service from the adjoining cafe Pescatore for our evening meal and thought we would do our own thing each morning . service was extra good, very friendly and there is a great cafe across the street   which has the best breakfast in the world . Nevertheless, I did like this hotel,  the rooms, location, and most of the service and I would stay here again . Speaking of parking, you're going to have to pay and it's going to have to be valet service, as there are no free self park lots that are part of the hotel . The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful,  very pleasant to deal with . Valet parking was $36 a day, but we're not complaining because other SF wharf hotels have charged us a similar fee even without the valet service . It has everthing you need to have a great time in a great city,  location, good service, great food  , comfortable rooms and a complimentary happy hour . Room service at the hotel is limited :
 The rooms are small but very clean, charmingly decorated with a view of the little flowered courtyard, comfy beds, plenty of pillows   towels and smiling service . The service was excellent, the room was terrific, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the hotel is centrally located to all the major attractions of San Francisco . Very clean room, great location, wonderful service and dog friendly . I had breakfast and dinner a few times at the restaurant joined to the hotel, Cafe Pescatore, and thought the food and the service were both very good . The food at the &quot Cafe&quot  is quite &quot hotel, like&quot  but the service makes up for it . Teaming this Hotel with the great food   service @ Cafe Pescatore, I would definitely choose this hotel again while in SF, an experience we won't ever forget . I was also disappointed that the hotel's &quot room service&quot  came from a nearby pizzeria, but the hotel still charged a fee on each delivery .