 not customer, oriented hotelvery low service levelboor reception
The room was quiet, clean, the bed and pillows were comfortable, and the service was adequate . The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum is fine if you like large, impersonal hotels with mediocre service, overcrowded breakfast rooms and don't mind tired decor . A prompt reply indicated not and that the reception area deposit boxes were temporarily out of service, so they offered to upgrade our rooms to executive rooms at no extra cost . In London its often hard to find good location and good customer service in the same place ,  The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum did that for me and I couldn't ask for more . It's rated 4, stars, but I also stayed at an equivalently rated Marriott while in London, and a 3, star Holiday Inn Express in Scotland, and the service and rooms were much better at the other locations . Convenient location not 4, star room and services but OK . They also have a great room service menu and was surprised at the big portions and quality of the food, great to get a bit in your room after a night on the town . I ordered room service one night, and the food was delightful, and the service was fast and friendly . However the hotel is very large and loses some personal service as a result ,  the service we received was variable, with little recognition of our Platinum Priority Club Rewards status, and slow room service   . For a little extra money, the soon to be Crowne Plaza over the road offers far better service yet with the same great location
 Only postive is their breakfast service . Talking about food, something worth noticing is that there was a fridge in the room, but it was completely reserved for the mini, bar service beverages, which completely filled it . Room service is expensive but good, the food was delivered hot and was tasty but was chosen from the current uninspired Holiday Inn room service menu, when I ordered a £6 . There is also a laundry service at the hotel, but they also change an outrageous amount so unless you have an expense account I wouldn't plan on using it . If you're looking for a comfortable, clean hotel with a mid, range level of service and easy access, then this hotel would serve you well . I liked this hotel, Nice big room and very good customer service . We were very pleased with the room, and the staff was all very nice and helpful, including the concierge service . If you hang around in the lobby, you can hear other people complaining about poor service, poor room quality and a host of other problems to the staff . Service was friendly, our room was on the highest floor  , but that wasn't a problem because of the lifts, and we had a great view of the city from the room . The service is pleasant enough, and I was given a room with a nice view of central London   on the 14th floor without having to ask, despite booking on Priceline . On the first night of my stay, I tried to use room service . Despite its size, and the fact that there are over 20 floors of bedrooms, lift service was never slow, and the breakfast operation   is exceptionally well, managed . The only down side was the same as last time, very impersonal service by the Management and the on, duty Manager was just pure rude, but if you don't have to talk to any staff members, this hotel is great . We passed a number of banks on the way up and also a large post office offering currency etc which should give better rates than the hotels in, house money changing service . There is 24 hour room service, a restaurant, and a tavern in the hotel although we did not sample the hotel food . In all, as with many Holiday Inns hotels worldwide, affordable with good rooms and customer service but there is always one or two issues that keep this chain from being a affordable and good place to stay . The immediate area around the hotel is extremely well serviced by at least 3 internet cafes, grocery store next to tube station, as well as several nice cafes and restaurants . Although we did get a strange phone call from room service at 1am, wrong number i think . When we wanted to watch a pay per view movie, was informed by reception there was a problem ,  it later transpired that we had been given an Aircrew room, where there is no mini, bar, pay per view movies turned off at reception, no menu's or room service available . Don't use the restaurant or room service, there's plenty of places to eat outside the hotel, there's a mini Tesco for groceries, a larger grocery store   plenty of internet cafe's, a Paul's Boulangerie right by the tube, great fro a quick breakfast, the Gloucester Road tube stop is a 3 minute walk, plenty of busses to High Street fabulous shopping ! My daugher and I average about $70 a dinner regardless of whehter we ate out or did room service ,  ,  YIKES . To get Room Service, it called Housekeeping . For a similarly good location  , you can stay at the London Hilton Metropole for the same price and receive much better service . Staff were mostly ethnic origin, presenting a couple of communication problems at check in   room service was slow and fairly bland   and we noticed a lack of acknowledgement by any staff as we walked around the premises, again unusual for such a high profile company . I stayed in room 354 ,  on the Exec Floor ,  no bathrobes, no newspaper delivery  , room service crockery standing outside room for almost 24 hours un movedand poor service in Bistro . We had room service the night we arrived, and it was good quality, and arrived quickly . It is very close to Gloucester Rd tube station, has plenty of restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, chemists within 100 yds, is close to Hyde park for a run walk in summer, near Kensington High street, rooms are always clean and have recently been refurbed, room service menu is better than other hotel chains, breakfast is good . Finally, the hotel did nothing to inform us about a transit strike on the tube and when we heard about it on our own and asked the concierge for help with getting to the airport, he advised taking a cab service for 50 pounds plus banking holiday surcharge, , we luckily found a cheaper alternative by ourselves . It met all my expectations ,  very clean room w pleasing modern decor, above average housekeeping services, accomodating staff . Additionally, one other problem was that room service was very very inefficient ,  requesting a menu to be brought to the room took 45 minutes and the guy actually had the audacity to suggest he read it to me over the phone instead of sending one up, after I had to call three times . Room service will bring a bucket of ice any time, or there’s a machine on the 25th floor . Good concierge service ,  recommended very good restaurants ,  italian and indian ,  to us ,  in walking distance from the hotel . Fantastic, professional, helpful staff, clean rooms, great room service, fitness area and Internet Business facilities keep me coming back . Great location, freshly renovated, very small rooms, anonymous hotel, acceptable service . because it has sensor to count how many times you open it for beverage service, nice area, near Starbucks, pastry shops, fast foods, supermarket, walking distances to Kensington Palace, London Natural Science Museum, Harrods, Victoria Albert Musuem, pubs, and what else could you ask for .