 It's a huge improvement over my old, full, size laptop in many ways, and the few things that are less than ideal aren't such a big deal . , Tiny and light the slightly smaller than standard keyboard is no problem for me to use, , and I'm a touch typist, , the keys themselves are a good size and feel good . The machine has the most comfortable small keyboard I've ever used, because the keys are flat and so the surfaces that your fingerpads touch are actually about the size of standard keyboards . It won't give you all the functionality of a full, sized laptop, and the small screen may take some getting used to, but no regular laptop gives you this kind of battery life, and most of the functions absent here aren't used by most people most of the time anyway, so if the tradeoff is fewer features for greatly, increased battery life, I'll take the latter . Small, easy to grab and go, and can do your business in places that wouldn't open a full size laptop, easy to take notes on, or keep copies of what your working on from your main PC and continue working on it where ever you are . The keyboard isn't quite full sized of course, but very easy to get used to . ,  don't know why they use the screen size most do ,  1024 x 600 seems cramped
Everything I needed in a laptop without the heavy, bulky size . Great battery life, decent sized screen, and the keyboard was large enough to be comfortable to type on . I originally bought the EEE to take with me whenever my laptop was too big to take somewhere, but have started exclusively using the EEE in place of my laptop because of its portability and battery life that greatly exceeds most full size laptops . although the screen is relatively small to my eyes   it wasn't really hard to get used to the size and the screen is clear and bright, no prob reading articles and writing essays . The small size makes it very easy to carry compared to a standard laptop, the long battery life is really great, and the speed and performance using various wi, fi connections was better than I expected it to be   . The keyboard is excellent and even though only 92% the size of a full size keyboard, feels like the big one . The battery life is to die for ,  my full size laptop doesnt have 10
 Due to the size of netbooks and a wide screen format, the screen should have been designed to be able to rotate all the way back to inline with the keyboard . I was never a fan of really large laptops or even standard sized ones as I like to stick to the definition of  portable,  so this fit's the bill . I was worried the screen size would be too small and uncomfortable to read, but it has been great for everything I run :
 I love the feel of typing on it, and have not had any issues transferring from a regular, sized keyboard to a smaller one .