 Great sound, easy to load & use once I read the instructions . Easy to use, Video Camera, Radio, Size, Sound Quality  . Very user friendly, great sound . Easy to use, good value for money, great sound quality  . great video quality, no ear buds required internal sound system sounds great  . Still to new to we'll see  Great product, video feature is awesome and I love how there is now internal sound and you don't have to use ear buds with it . New User to iPOD , , , Sound is Great
 Great sound and very easy to use . My daughter gave this to me and my husband for Christmas, what a great gift, very easy to use, sound is great . Love the Sound, Photos Look Great . easy to use, great sound, compact  . Only things I wish they added is measuring distance [not just steps] on the pedometer, better sound on the speaker, and a  capturing still images  with the video recording feature . Very easy to use, love the pedometer, lightweight, thin, nice screen, great sound, battery lasts much longer than stated  . Easy to use, Great sound, long battery life, love the fact that I can tune in to my favorite radio station, and I'm into exercise so the pedometer with calories burned is a great addition . The Headphone Jack is bad out of the box, sound crackles with the lightest touch of the headphone jack which makes the radio useless because they use the headphone cable as the antenna . Video is impressive, speaker sound is good for size, easy menus, screen is big enough to watch movies . i was surprised, b c thats one of the downsides i found through time from other customers, but im happy with the quality of sound, i also think adding noise cancel, ear buds phones would greatly improve the sound . Good sound, looks great, fairly easy to use . It is of the best buys I've done, sound quality, video and radio is excellent
 Great sound quality, love the video recording too  :
 He was able to figure everything out on his own with very little help and the sound system
Received my new iPod nano and was pleased with the radio, camera, pedometer, sound quality and appearance . No sound comes through the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in, but sound can be
 Poor Sound Quality This product is used every day . Easy To Set Up, Simple Controls, Sleek Compact, Great Sound I am truly enjoying my iPod . Great Sound, Sleek Compact The only problem so far is that our Ipod speakers don't charge the new Ipod nano .