 Windows 7 is quite simply faster, more stable, boots faster, goes to sleep faster, comes back from sleep faster, manages your files better and on top of that it's beautiful to look at and easy to use . , faster about 20% to 30% faster at running applications than my Vista ,  seriously
 Yes, it'll make your computer run a bit slower but
,  Fast startup and performance
 Also, in my non, benchmarked experience, Windows 7 has been at least as fast as XP if not faster . It loads blazing fast, software runs smooth and even downloads from the internet seem to be faster . XP SP3 Performance Comparison , smaller resource footprint, and faster start shutdown wake times . Its faster to load, easier to use, and it has a new feature called the library where you can access all your related files in one window . Performance wise it is slightly faster than Vista and I'm talking 10 to 15 seconds difference for starting the computer, other computers I have the run on Linux still start in less than 1 quarter the time that Windows 7 does . If you have newer hardware, 64, bit is probably the way to go as it is faster and will allow you to take advantage of more than 3 . Installation took about 30 minutes, actually much faster than any other OS install I've ever done . It does boot up faster than Vista, I do like the taskbar at the bottom as you can  pin  icons to start all of your programs and you can start a program with the desired file opening . Although Win 7 seems a bit faster than Vista did, I do not notice any decrease in the start, up time . It may be that Win7 is faster, sounder, prettier, etc . Yes the comp does boot a bit faster, but it's going to take a lot sequences to break even on the time spent so far . My system seems to be faster, all of my previous programs and peripherals run without a problem, things come up quicker when clicking on them and I love the new look . 5 Seems to load the desktop much faster than vista, but it might be because I have 2 gigs of ram on my w7 netbook and only 1 on my vista one . It is also way faster than what I experience using Windows XP, but I won't get into that . It is more stable than Vista and wakes up from sleep much faster, also boots faster . It's very stable, it seems significantly faster than Vista, and it has got rid of most of the redundant security conformation dialogs . The operating system loads faster, shuts off faster and so far has need a  3 finger salute ,  control alt delete  about as often as Vista . I do note this computer is running much faster but part of that may well be that it now has 4 gb of memory as opposed to 3gb
 All the applications that I checked worked OK, although Photoshop opened slowly . , RW   | Creative Sound Blaster Audigy 4 | MOTU FastLane USB MIDI interface | E, MU 0404 USB audio interface | Yamaha YST, M15 speakers | HP Photosmart 8150 printer | HP Scanjet 4070 scanner | D, Link DIR, 628 router | Microsoft Natural Keyboard & Optical Mouse | Logitech RumblePad 2 | Windows 7 Home Premium x64
Also it starts faster and runs things faster . I can finally use adobe CS4, before with Vista 32bit photoshop cs4 wouldn't run so smoothly as cs3 but now it opens faster and is just working great . It's a faster install, and you get a fresh clean install so it feels like a new computer   . My system boots much faster, and shuts down almost instantly now . Finding and configuring is way more intuitive, start up and shut down is faster, and best of all, that damn hard drive light is not always on . Applications are noticeably faster ,  especially Quicken 09, Outlook 07 . It boots faster, the programs run faster and the overall performance has been nothing short of amazing . It operates much faster, starts up faster, and rarily freezes up like the worthless Vista . 0 out of 5 stars Fast Shipment and Excellent Value, December 17, 2009
 The install took a little more time than I had expected, and encouraged backup of all data which slowed things down more, but went very smoothly . I have been operating for two months with no problems  not much different than Vista, but much faster to load and turn off . 0 out of 5 stars Faster performance, December 13, 2009
 With 7, however, things have become a lot smoother and faster . I cannot say that the system is significantly faster, or that boot or shutdown times are significantly improved, but I did not expect that . It made my system faster which i didn't think was possible, it has a more creative appeal, i didn't lose any of my important files and the installation went smoothly and without any kinks whatsoever
Windows 7 is fun, fast and creative, , it finally gave a newer more interesting look to the paint program and i have no issues at all
 My notebook runs so much faster . Now Window 7 runs smoothly, 10, 20% faster overall . Very robust and extremely fast, I can find and open programs or files by just hitting  window  on the keyboard   and typing in the first few letters of the thing I want to open and Win7 almost instantaneously finds what I'm looking for . Win7 runs faster than Vista, and is more intuitive . In short, Win7 feels faster, leaner, and more user, friendly than Vista did . There are less steps to get to files, every application opens faster even desktop gadgets seem to function better . I am very happy with the program, it is much faster, I upgraded from Windows xp, the bad part is there is no driver available to install for my HP wireless printer to work . 0 out of 5 stars Windows 7 runs slower than Vista, December 15, 2009
Since putting Windows 7 on my computer, the computer runs much slower than it did with Vista .