 The new display posts speed limit signs of major roads flush left on the screen, which is a new feature that is also really helpful, if you're driving in an unfamiliar area . Display is excellent ,  the layout of information on the screen is very good showing upcoming turns at the top, your speed, the local speed limit and the estimated time of arrival at the bottom . The navigation display shows more information, such as next turn street and speed limit, and the picture update is smooth instead of jerky as I have seen in other models . For example, on the route from Rocky Mountain National park to Arches National Park Garmin's route is 40 mins shorter on a 7 hour drive because it chooses shorter route along minor highways instead of longer route along I, 70 with higher speed limit . If you are driving in NYC or other major city, be prepared to add 1 minute for each red traffic light and beware that Garmin expects you to drive with a speed close to speed limit along NYC streets . That newer interface, as another reviewer has mentioned, gives you speed limits on some major roads, shows you your current speed, puts the zoom buttons closer together, changes text size to give you road names, and shows you the direction of the next upcoming turn near the distance to the turn . SPEED, , on most major highways, it tells what the speed limit is for that road   AND tells you what your speed is . Indicates posted speed limits of the road you are on
 On the lower left hand side, this unit shows the maximum speed limit for the road you are traveling . When you are looking at the map, you are shown the speed limit for the road you are travelling on, and your actual speed . I have noticed that when I see a speed limit sign on the road, indicating a change of speed limit for that road, the Nuvi is not far behind in changing the speed limit on the screen . I can see that this could at some point become out of date if the governing authority changes the speed limit on a particular road, but it is a cool function nonetheless . I really love the new interface, the turn signs at the corner, speed limit indicator and the fast satellite reception . It has a lot of good features ,  including a speedometer, posted speed limits on major roads, and it notes your average and max speed on your current trip . I used it the day I bought it,   and then this morning, and as soon as it comes on it is  ready to navigate  The only downfall of this product, and the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the fact that the speed limit it displays for the road you are on isn't 100% accurate . I was a little disappointed in the inaccuracy of the posted speed limit, as I'm guilty of not paying close enough attention to those signs, especially w  interstate speed traps that are constantly changing up and down . I often find myself wondering if the speed limit changed and I didn't see the sign, so for this one feature I leave the unit on even if it is not navigating to a set location . Plus you can download speed cameras alerts at http :
 I can't believe how accurate and detailed the information estimated time of arrival, speed limits along the way, and detailed map of my route, to name a few . What I like most about the 255W is that it shows the road's speed limit right above your actual speed, which I find most helpful, since, again, I use it mostly in areas where I'm not familiar with the roads and local speed limits .