 The front desk staff is more than eager to help, smile, make you happy . The service was good, very friendly staff and we loved the free wine reception each night . The staff are very friendly and helpful, particularly the concierges and the Manager's Reception is a nice touch . but its nice and clean and the staff was really nice, and its located 2 blocks from the warfh
 Staff was very friendly helpful . So clean, quiet, excellent location, delicious coffee bar every morning, staff helpful   friendly . It has a good look, nice sitting area in the lobby, wine hour every night, friendly and helpful staff . Jorge was extremely friendly and helpful, but the rest of the staff was less animated and warm . Very close to Fisherman's Wharf, a grocery store located right across the street, and very helpful and friendly staff . The staff are so friendly and the hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf , bus and cable car station . Staff was friendly and helpful ,  we had no issues . The Concierge staff ,  exceptional and extremely helpful ,  right from suggestions on transportation excursion options to recommending an amazing restaurant . The staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful and whilst we did not avail his services, the concierge always seemed to be busy with guests giving info and advice . a superb hotel with staff so helpful efficient, the food at the pescadora restaurant is a must, and to be quite honest better than most of the other places we ate at on the wharf whilst there, one of which being quoted to being the best , . We found the reception staff, maids and porters friendly and helpful . The room was always clean and the maid staff was friendly, saying &quot hello&quot  and &quot have a nice day&quot  as you passed . Staff ,  Very friendly and helpful . Checking in was easy, with very friendly, helpful front desk staff . Excellent location friendly staff clean and pleasant rooms
 All the staff was excellent, but the concereige, Clay, really went above and beyond to help us find our way around San Fransisco . The staff members were extra helpful, the room well decorated, detailed, clean, and bright . we found a friendly staff through out the hotel great location, rooms were small but as pointed out to me all land is prime in the area and all places have small rooms . The travel agent booked this hotel and this was the only hotel out of 10 that I did not book myself although hotel sounded ok This was part of the deal for the airfares  Location is excellent , Rooms Ok Staff variable some very helpful others not so  . The staff were friendly and helpful, it was a good base from which to explore San Francisco . We were there for 10 nights, the staff were very friendly and pleased to help . The hotel staff was consistently friendly and helpful throughout our stay, especially Cliff, the consierge, providing directions, maps, dinner recommendations and reservations, and suggestions for sightseeing . The location is great, the staff very friendly and helpful, and the room was neat and clean though a bit small . We booked this by checking other travellers comments on Trip Advisor and were pleased with the helpfulness of the staff, the location and overall cleanliness and comfort of our room . Great place to stay ,  very clean and confortable rooms and helpful staff . The front desk staff was great, helpful on check, in, had supply of extra coffee supplies for the room and stamps for purchase, offered to mail our postcards, and the concierge desk seemed very busy . Diane from Edmonton, Alberta, CanadaWe stayed at the hotel May 22 to May 25, 2007 and found the staff and particularly the concierge very helpful . The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful,  very pleasant to deal with . Upon arriving late through no fault of our own and finding our room double booked we were put up in a nearby sister hotel   until our room was ready the next day and they give us a complimentary bottle of champagne ,  after this though there were no more snags and everything went great ,  hotel staff friendly and helpful ,  rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable ,  food in the restaurant fabulous ,  the situation of the hotel was very convenient ,  just a few mins walk from fishermans wharf with a public transport stop, supermarket, small shops, bars and cafes also really close at hand ,  approx 10 mins walking distance for ferries to alcatraz and bay cruise, etc ,  would definitely stop here again
 Staff very helpful and pleasant . We arrived on the evening of december 5th, and the check, in staff were helpful and efficient . Hotel was Very nicely furnished, staff was Very helpful . We were both delighted with the friendly staff, clean rooms and very convenient location . Rooms are small but tastefully done, very clean and the staff friendly and helpful . Good atmosphere, welcoming and quite cosy lobby and lounge, helpful and friendly staff  Overall impressed . location, friendly staff, beautiful rooms and comfy beds . We found the staff extremely helpful and the room was clean , tidy , a decent size and the bed was extremely comfortable . The staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, from the front desk, concierge, valet, and housekeeping . The staff were very polite and helpful, loved the large lobby area with the large fireplace where you were invited to sample wonderful wine and nibbles early evening and tea or coffee in the mornings . The staff was friendly, pleasant, and helpful, and a houseman went out of his way to dry my son's sneakers   . The check in was easy, the staff friendly and helpful . It represents value for money, the rooms and bathrooms were impeccably clean, fresh linen daily, and the staff extremely helpful and friendly . HOWEVER, the front desk staff is always more than willing to jump in with helpful advice and recommendations . One morning I overheard people booking in experiencing similar difficluties and a staff member trying to be helpful, I offered some assistance and we were told by him that since Best Western shifted its booking facility offshore there's nothing that Tuscan Inn staff can do to help guests . The staff is friendly and helpful . The staff at check, in were nice enough, but unfortunately the concierge was not very helpful, giving us wrong information about our car hire location causing us to get 2 cab rides instead of one . The reason that I liked this hotel so much was that it felt cosy and welcoming, the lobby had a log fire going constantly and all the staff were very friendly and helpful . I will say that the beds were comfortable and select staff were friendly, but definitely not enough incentive to try my luck again at this hotel . The room was inviting, the staff tremendously helpful and courteous, and the concierge was the best in the business . A wonderful stay, staff especially friendly, complimentary wine tasting a definite plus, rooms well appointed and well kept . Great room, friendly staff, superb location ,  just a couple of blocks away from the hustle and bustle of Fisherman's Wharf and 2 minutes from the cable car turnaround that takes you straight to Union Square . The staff was friendly, courteous and always offering extra help even when I was checking out at 4am to catch a plane . The staff were helpful, it was in a great location, and was very charming . Apart from that, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were very comfortable . the rooms are very clean and are charmingly appointed  the staff could not be friendlier, and they knock themselves out to make guests feel welcome . The hotel was lovely ,  really clean with friendly helpful staff   fantastically situated in between North Beach   Fishermans Wharf . The staff were helpful and attentive, the rooms were quite spacious and the whole place looked as if it was cared for . It was a lovely hotel and the front desk staff was so warm and welcoming to us as we arrived, , tired and still on NY time . Hotel is nice and clean, in a very convenient location, and the staff is friendly and helpful . Other than that it was a pleasant stay, the room was clean, our bed was really comfortable and the reception staff were friendly . The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the location was convenient . The friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff can do or help you with just about anything you want or need . The staff is friendly and helpful . Also, the hotel staff was very helpful and considerate . Their curteous staff helped with our travel plans for tours and also assisted during check, out while the planes were still grounded .