The room was clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful .
I found the concierge and front desk staff to be helpful and the housekeepers to be quite good .
The staff are very friendly and helpful, particularly the concierges and the Manager's Reception is a nice touch .
However, the Tuscan Inn has the best of all worlds,  great location, all the amenities, excellent staff, nice restaurant adjoining, and very reasonable prices .
So clean, quiet, excellent location, delicious coffee bar every morning, staff helpful   friendly .
It has a good look, nice sitting area in the lobby, wine hour every night, friendly and helpful staff .
The staff are so friendly and the hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf , bus and cable car station .
We arrived early in the morning and tried to check in and the front desk staff said they would have a room cleaned asap for us .
The room was always clean and the maid staff was friendly, saying &quot hello&quot  and &quot have a nice day&quot  as you passed .
all the staff we encountered were super friendly and the hotel location is great .
Checking in was easy, with very friendly, helpful front desk staff .
Excellent location friendly staff clean and pleasant rooms
The location  the rooms  the staff  the concierge  the Managers nightly wine reception    everything about this hotel made our holiday MAGIC .
The staff was so friendly and helpful and the concierge service was very knowledgeable .
The location is great, the staff very friendly and helpful, and the room was neat and clean though a bit small .
Great place to stay ,  very clean and confortable rooms and helpful staff .
The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful,  very pleasant to deal with .
We were both delighted with the friendly staff, clean rooms and very convenient location .
Rooms are small but tastefully done, very clean and the staff friendly and helpful .
The staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, from the front desk, concierge, valet, and housekeeping .
The hotel is clean and comfortalbe with a knowledgeable and helpful staff .
Good hotel great location friendly staff .
It is in a great location, the staff is always alert and courteous, the rooms are clean, the morning coffee and biscotti are a nice touch, the happy hour is a PLUS, and the price is right  !
Apart from that, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were very comfortable .
Staff was extremely friendly and helpful .
The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly .
Hotel is nice and clean, in a very convenient location, and the staff is friendly and helpful .
Other than that it was a pleasant stay, the room was clean, our bed was really comfortable and the reception staff were friendly .
The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the location was convenient .
Friendly Staff Great Location !
Friendly Staff Great Location !