 Positive ,  Great room, comfortable bedVery friendly staff, help you in any way they canInternet was $9 . And all of the the staff were very professional, courteous and friendly . Some of the concierge staff were abit chilly at times, but the housekeeping service staff were extremely friendly and cheerful . The hotel was a bit busy during this weekend, but the staff did a great job of helping me with whatever I needed . The Hotel staff were professional, but the fornt desk was somewhat slow at check in . My father and I were in town for four days from Los Angeles to catch a game at Wrigley Stadium, and the front desk and bar staff were all very friendly and accommodating, providing recommendations to us about the attractions, and transportation services . Instead we were offered a rude and incompetant staff, amateur and slow valet, over, priced internet, garage and fitness room access charges and an inept business office . Room 1619 was a very nice room, had a great view, beds were soft and very nice to sleep in, TV was very nice, show was very nice, staff was awesome saw to every need I inquired about . You come to a place like Trip Advisor and it’s so, so hard to tell fact from fiction or even to tell whether or not someone was having a bad day when they arrived or left or whether or not a guest was rude him herself and thus caused the hotel staff to be standoffish or what . If you walk in feeling entitled with your nose up in the air like they owe you something, then I daresay you might find something to squawk about, but the hotel staff I encountered doesn’t sound anything like the staff some reviewers have mentioned . I compliment the hotel staff on their professionalism, their friendliness and their attention to detail . The several staff folks with whom I interacted were all lovely, including day &amp  night front desk, concierge, doorman, bartenders and restaurant servers . Where other hotel staff have sometimes acted &quot put out&quot  for being asked to board our luggage after checkout while we amused ourselves until flight time, Swissotel staff were charming and kind about taking it off our hands . The staff was very friendly . Very nice staff, who was friendly and helpful . no more bathrobes in corner rooms suites  coffee service in room is parred way down  the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful, although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish  check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor . Great hotel, wonderful and friendly staff, great location, fantastic view . The staff was friendly, courtious, and helpful . The staff was very friendly . stayed at swissotel for 5 nights ,  just myself and two children   all the staff could not have been more welcoming, the room service was prompt and efficient and not overly expensive . All the staff we encountered, from doorman to desk lady who checked us in, to check out, was professional and courteous . The staff was wonderful, our room was very comfortable with an amazing view of the Chicago River and Michigan Ave, Room service was superb   . The staff at the hotel did not seem too overly helpful, but the staff at the Palms was absolutely excellent, as was the late, night dinner we had there on our arrival night . The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude . Swissotel Chicago is good hotel, very nice, very helpful and nice staff . From the moment we checked in, the staff was courteous and meet every need, including arranging for a crib for our daughter and making sure it was safely set up before leaving our room . However, the staff was very friendly and helpful . The hotel is in a great location, the staff is friendly and very service, oriented . Got Swissotel for a very good price, but was a little anxious since some of the reviews on this site complained of slow elevator service, unhelpful staff, etc . the hotel staff was excellent, polite, courteous, and Helpful in every way . The staff was absolutely excellent = full service, from front desk, to health club attendants, to business center personnel . The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful, switching our room to one with 2 double beds from a king, even suggesting local restaurants to eat at just a short walk away . Now on the side of the service andstaff, there is a real &quot snobbish&quot  attitude that isprobably related to the fact that the Swedish, Germanprogeny of Europe work at the hotel, except as luggagehandlers, toilet cleaners and car parkers . Staff seemed efficient though not overly friendly, no good morning, etc . At check, in, the front desk staff member wasn't overly friendly, but certainly wasn't rude . The hotel staff were great, always on hand to help . We were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews regarding the attitude of the staff, especially since we booked the room through a discount site . Gorgeous hotel, great staff, fun bar lounge area and we were most impressed with the room . The room was clean, our beds   were comfortble, and the staff was friendly and helpful ,  everyone from the bellmen to the concierge to the business, center staff . Staff not very helpful or friendlyOverall, a so, so experience  will not stay there again . The views were amazing, the rooms were comfortable and the staff was always helpful whenever I had a question . We stayed here April 22, 25 and loved everything about the hotel, the staff, and our room . I cannot comment on room services, however the staff in the front desk were professional and helpful .