 The transmission is horrible, it shifts revs horribly at the wrong times, it putters when it hits 1 1 2 rpms while coasting unless you rev it or hit the breaks, if you try to start the car in really cold weather it makes a horrible grinding noise, the dash rattles ALL the time, when I try to accelerate getting on the freeway it doesnt move & scares me and when it does move it revs even after take your foot from the gas . The transmission doesn't shift correctly, and it has almost caused me to get into an accident twice . Unlike the common concerns with the transmission, all of my concerns problems are with everything other than the drivetrain . decent power for a 4 cylinder, but a dangerous hesitating transmission that toyota does not seem to want acknowledge or fix . The transmission is crap, and erratically shifts despite modest acceleration and conservative driving habits . After driving my car almost 20, 000 miles I have grown disappointed with the transmission hesitation problem as it did not show during the test drive . Here are the transmission problems I've experienced :
 Transmission is  confused  and CONTINUALLY shifts at speeds of 28 to 35, 38 to 42, and 45 to 51 MPH . I am not having all the other issues everyone else is, not sure if its because mine is a manual transmission but I can't say how much I love it . The side front windows limit visibility, the transmission hesitates when shifting, the back seat passenger room is spacious, the stereo system has a great bass and the versatility of CD changer, satellite, iPod, etc . the significant transmission hesitations are unacceptable and possibly unsafe, and the 4 cyl engine provides inadequate power when challenged . I feel the plusses outweigh the negatives, but any prospective buyer should take a serious test drive under varying conditions and actually experience transmission hesitations and the mediocre acceleration performance . No transmission flares, hesitations, rattles or any other problems . I had one for a year, Toyota was good to replace the two transmissions that failed, I was on my 3rd tranny, when my engine light came on due to a sensor in the tranny . Acceleration or transmission shifting :
 Quiet and refined ride, 4 cyl has sufficient power for everyday driving, and a smooth transmission that shifts well . However, the transmission is a little confused at times during downshifting . I have had issues with the new 6 speed transmission, there is a  shift flare  between 3rd and 4th gear with my car . The combination of the weak engine   at low engine speeds and the transmission hesitation is so bad that the car is, in my opinion, a safety hazard . Cruise control gains, RPMs accelerate up hill causing engine to make loud noise while using cruise control, higher in back making it harder to judge while backing up and transmission not completely smooth in take offs . I have had non, stop transmission problems, terrible sunroof noises, very uncharacteristic squeaks and rattles from everywhere in the dash, and unacceptable paint issues . Some have found the transmission shifts too much, but it's only trying to keep the engine in the 2000, 2500 rpm range around town where there's some torque available . MPG is not better than 24mpg w the 4CYL, the transmission slips, the throttle by wire has been non,  responsive on several occasions, the ergonomics are  off , and the dealership is very proud of their product, too proud . When approaching a stop with little or no gas pedal pressure, the transmission downshifts normally until the car shifts gears and suddenly lurches ahead at a higher speed . The transmission hesitates, also downshifts, hunting between gears, then lurches   . Surprisingly agile for a 4 cyl, auto transmission requires manual downshift for quick instant power . Due to lack, of, power or transmission problem, car down, shifts revs to 3000
 Transmission is smooth and the 2 . Power is great, transmission shifts are smooth and accurate . Instead of giving me a new car they finally admitted the problems with transmission and replaced it with a new one, free of cost to me   cost to them . After about 3000 miles on my 2007 Camry XLE V6 6sp Auto, it's been in the shop 4 times already and the last call from the dealer was to replace the transmission . transmission hunts for gears, ride quality much worse than even a mediocre car, Auto sound level doesn't work, accessory outlets do not work unless car is running or acc is on  , radio shuts off when engine is shut off . However I have noticed, like others, that the new transmission is not that smooth, especially when accelerating from a stop . It can occasionally accelerate quickly and jerk you ahead, or hesitate, and sometimes I've noticed the car slow down unnaturally via the transmission . The reprogramming of the transmission shifting seemed to help for awhile, but it's reverted back .