 I bought the 8, gig Ipod Nano that has the built, in video camera . This time around, Apple is branching out of its iPod formula in a small, but not insignificant way by gracing the back of the Nano with its own video camera . The user interface of the 5G Nano remains almost entirely unchanged with the exception of a few new menu items for the video camera, FM radio, and fitness features . It looks nicer than my other one, love the video and everything else this one can do
 wish BB could engrave them too  announcer for songs is kind of annoying  Haven't yet tried the video, but very pleased with the size and quality of my music on this nano . As for the video camera it's a nice addition considering it's an mp3 player first and foremost, I think people are going to go into this and think maybe I can replace my old video, NO . It just a solid low quality video camera some of the lighting or your fingers may get in the way of the actual recording but once you get use to it, it can become fun . It looks just like the 4th generation, except on the back, there's a camera to take video clips or whatever it is you want to . This time around, Apple is branching out of its iPod formula in a small, but not insignificant way by gracing the back of the Nano with its own video camera . The video camera is nice, just wish it could take stills . Easy to use, Video Camera, Radio, Size, Sound Quality  . Definitely easier to use than the IPod Touch, and the video camera feature is awesome . I haven't found anything that is not so great  This is a multi use MP3 player with the ability to make videos, music and videos . Great new features in this iPod generation include voice recording, listening to radio, and even filming video . camera does only video, not pictures  Way better than 2nd gen nano . It's got radio, video, camera, video camera, small  . it would be nice to delete songs when they get old  the video camera is the best, i use it all the time . The video camera feature is awesome enough, but all of the special effects are incredible . Our 12 year old loves the IPod ,  especially the video camera feature . Like the extra features ,  pedometer, video camera, radio, speakers . video, motion sensing, screen size and sllek look  I recently upgraded from the 2nd generation Nano and love the new features of the newest model . easy to use, cool helpful features, video camera, voice over  . I wish the video camera had a pause on it, but you can't pause . I also wish the video camera had a pause on it, but it doesn't pause and starts with a new video everytime you stop it . She didn't want the touch, she wanted the nano because you can video, it has the radio that she can play back the songs and she likes the size . The video camera is great and the screen size is a nice size
 We haven't tried the video yet, so I can't comment on that . Still to new to we'll see  Great product, video feature is awesome and I love how there is now internal sound and you don't have to use ear buds with it . none of my old Nano asseccories work with this one  Fun new Ipod, the video feature is fun but difficult to learn how to use . The video camera is cool, but I don't know that I would use it much . I love the video camera it has on it, the pedometor is awesome to use and best of all I can listen to music on it when I'm doing other stuff on my computer when it might be slowed down when listening to music on it . fm radio lots of storage for music, videos and pictures alarm clock to your tunes blue color lock button so you don't accidentally turn it off on ease of use Cons :
 Hard to get videos onto computer  This was a purchase I made after I returned my Sony Walkman . Only things I wish they added is measuring distance [not just steps] on the pedometer, better sound on the speaker, and a  capturing still images  with the video recording feature . Location of the video camera, and the gap between the click wheel and ipod  The Best Ipod ever and has the best features ever . Easy to use video camera, Big screen, Fun color  . The video camera is a great feature to have, however its not that high of a quality when you transfer it onto your computer . Video Camera with fun special effects, FM radio  . the glossy fingerprint attracting finish compared to last year's beautiful matte finish  Great improvements with the video camera, really fun special effects, easy to use ,  also great FM radio with pause feature . But overall I love it ,  between the radio, speaker, microphone, video camera, effects, there are enough new features to justify buying a new nano . Small size and Color, Gettin your Money's worth, nice screen, and video camera  . video camera, radio, great price for a 16 gig, not a fingerprint magnet, small . cant take pictures just videos, and u need the headphones given for the radio  good for just listening to music and for your car . NOTHING  Ipod nano has a VIDEO CAMERA it is so cool, ROCK
 the video is very clear, the built in speaker is pretty good, the radio is very useful and overall it's just great ! It is of the best buys I've done, sound quality, video and radio is excellent
 Great sound quality, love the video recording too  :
 It's just a shame it only takes video and not still photos . The video camera works great and the battery
 If you had other ipods with the feauture of puting videos, when you synch them, they don't appear
 Video option is easy to use . So, the only thing about the iPod nano that I don't like   is the placement of the video camera . It plays music, videos, radio, records
 The video capability is incredible, and so easy to use . My wife and I are really pleased with our Nano Ipods that we purchased from you so easy to use and good to have a camera as well as a video John Coleman
 It's a nice little gadget, I've put some songs on it and the video camera is good
 The video camera is crystal clear and the memory space is more than ideal for all your needs .