The user interface of the 5G Nano remains almost entirely unchanged with the exception of a few new menu items for the video camera, FM radio, and fitness features .
wish BB could engrave them too  announcer for songs is kind of annoying  Haven't yet tried the video, but very pleased with the size and quality of my music on this nano .
It just a solid low quality video camera some of the lighting or your fingers may get in the way of the actual recording but once you get use to it, it can become fun .
This time around, Apple is branching out of its iPod formula in a small, but not insignificant way by gracing the back of the Nano with its own video camera .
This time around, Apple is branching out of its iPod formula in a small, but not insignificant way by gracing the back of the Nano with its own video camera .
Easy to use, Video Camera, Radio, Size, Sound Quality  .
Definitely easier to use than the IPod Touch, and the video camera feature is awesome .
Great new features in this iPod generation include voice recording, listening to radio, and even filming video .
As easy to use as any other iPod, and the video is good .
Our 12 year old loves the IPod ,  especially the video camera feature .
Like the extra features ,  pedometer, video camera, radio, speakers .
video, motion sensing, screen size and sllek look  I recently upgraded from the 2nd generation Nano and love the new features of the newest model .
easy to use, cool helpful features, video camera, voice over  .
Still to new to we'll see  Great product, video feature is awesome and I love how there is now internal sound and you don't have to use ear buds with it .
Its easy to use and love the new video feature .
It does have some nice features such as the video camera and the radio .
none of my old Nano asseccories work with this one  Fun new Ipod, the video feature is fun but difficult to learn how to use .
The video camera is a great feature to have, however its not that high of a quality when you transfer it onto your computer .
the video is very clear, the built in speaker is pretty good, the radio is very useful and overall it's just great !
Great sound quality, love the video recording too  :
It plays music, videos, radio, records