 I like my older unit better ,  better voice quality and it simply tells you how far to the next turn and what direction to turn . First I want to address the  potential problem  on 255w which is the robotic sound, I personally think it is absolutely understandable, the female sound is a little vauge at some point, however the man's   voice is very clear to me, so this is not a problem for me . The voice is somewhat robotic and some street names are mispronounced, but it's all understandable, I read comments in some reviews that the voice is not loud enough, but I have no problem   . Other than the Magellan's screen being an inch smaller ,  but really noticeable ,  the Magellan did not have text to voice, and often would take a much longer route even though we told it to take freeways . The most noticeable thing is that the screen is much easier to read, and that the text to voice is extremely valuable and much better than a beep just as you need to turn . I couldn't understand the Australian or English voices, but Samantha is clear as a bell and can even be heard over the radio . When the voices are turned up loud enough for my satisfaction, the speakers sound like they are overpowered, making a distorted noise during the loudest parts of the system's voices . I like being able to select different voices, however when I am using Daniel with the English accent, he seems to be clearing his throat at the end of his directions . Not only the voice gives turn, by, turn instructions, the map on the screen also has a thick purple line indicating the route ahead . I also love the small things, such as being able to download new voices, and vehicles, I plan on getting all the vehicles has on their site, because there is one for every season, for every mood, every time of year . The Voice Prompted turn by turn directions make it easy to get from one place to another without having to look up at the GPS, but of course you also get turn, by, turn directions on the GPS with a touch of the screen . Since my near vision isn't very good I like the combination of the voice prompts and the big white arrow indicating an approaching turn, especially at night . All the english voices you have suck big time, you will not like not even one and the new Samantha voice really sucks big time . What they did was, they made new voice files a lot smaller that on the previous models and all the new voices sound like crap and there's no way to copy the voices from other devices like you use to with the previous models . I'm really glad I bought it though, and like the easy to read graphics, the voice used to tell you the name of the street you are to turn on, the uncannily accurate estimates of mileage and time of arrival at your destination . I must say, though, that I believed it would have a certain cachet to use the British English female voice that is a standard feature but found that she could not properly pronounce some of the street names in my area . The model 255W that we received seemed to take longer to find a satelite, and the man's voice was very fast and not as clear, and at times seemed a bit confused in directions .